The reality is like anthropic and open AI they're playing a whole different game that no one will compare from a model perspective to where they are especially when you think on the open source side. I think the investors maybe industry everyone keeps waiting for some crack in the armor. The reality is is that what's going on guys? Today we've got a very special treat. We have Dan Ies the legend himself here in the studio. He is now the partner and senior managing director at Yorkville Ives. It's a brand new merchant bank that he's building. And he spills the tea on every single thing that you care about in the AI trade. We talk about the Chinese open source models. What's going on with anthropics revenue slowing down? Where are the big bottlenecks? What does he think about these companies that have seen their stock appreciate so much? How is he thinking about politics and all the regulation,
the data center moratorum in New York City, and so much more? All of that covered in this conversation with Dan Ies. All right, Dan. The AI bears have all kinds of new things that they're worried about. Let's start with the Chinese openweight open- source models. Now all of a sudden everyone thinks that they're going to take out the big model labs. What's your take? >> Look, it's a it's a mini deepseek moment in terms of the the fears, but I mean you've talked about this. The reality is like anthropic and open AI, they're playing a whole different game. No one will compare from a model perspective to where they are, especially when you think on the open source side. I think the investors maybe industry everyone keeps waiting for some crack in the armor. The reality is is that the models will get cheaper over time and there's going to be 5 10x more models over the next few years. The value
will be in the data and the moat and that continues to ultimately be I think that's the game that anthropic and open AI are playing. That's why they're so focused on the enterprise. That's the right move. models and carps talked about it will become more and more commodities but for the first time in 30 years it's not even a question the US is ahead of China when it comes to tech and I think that's just such an important point where we are now what's interesting to me is uh they're complaining that there's been this like distillation attack and that the Chinese models are essentially drifting or drifting off of you know these big American companies but there's a lot of people in America like wait a minute uh I think Anthropic just signed a $ 1.5 billion settlement with, you know, 500,000 authors for for taking the books. Uh there's a lot of people complaining about didn't you kind of just
like do a distillation attack off of the the IP to be able to train the model originally. >> Yeah. People in glass houses shouldn't throw stones, right? And I think just the reality is the models are built off content. I think when it comes from a model perspective, what China's doing, it's smart because look, they also have like one hand tie behind their back. They don't have Nvidia chips, >> but even if you do, you have a called a third rate Nvidia chip. I mean, you have Huawei, you have some, you know, obviously some competition there, but the models need to get smarter and smarter. And I think what you've seen with the Gemini delay, look, Gemini's come, you know, they've fallen back a bit, but I think that's why it speaks to the pressure, capbacks, raising capital. This arms race, it is not slowing down. It's third inning. Mhm. What's I also find pretty interesting about uh this entire
competition is that we basically have American closed source models and then we have Chinese open source openweight, you know, type models. I don't hear a lot of conversation about American open- source, but I know that Jensen seems pretty allin on American open source being a big option. Well, I think the issue if you go back to what Zuckerberg and Meta with Llama, I mean Llama call that like a shot at that from like an open-source perspective, you know, that was one way I think they realized like back to the drawing board. >> I think Nvidia and Jensen their view is okay, we'll do an open source model. We don't because that's not their game. Like their game is like we'll create one that's fine because it's better for the industry. It goes back to like more open source, more people using it, models are cheaper. Look, the biggest issue when it comes to anthropic and open AI, a lot of it just
comes down and over time the prices will get cheaper. It's the cost >> because cost is the inhibitor relative to AI adoption. So when you look at models getting cheaper, see I'll take like the other side of it. I don't view it as a negative. I view more competition would drive prices down which would drive adoption down. So I think that that's the broader view. Like if you're a bull in this market, AI revolution, chips, data center, you need the models to get cheaper. When we go and we look at uh Grock and uh Meta, both of them in their latest releases of models or iterations, the leading thing they were putting forward was the cost. That is very different than OpenAI and Anthropic. They've been talking about performance mostly. Is this now kind of like your margins my opportunity and these guys are just looking for an angle to be able to catch up or do you think that the entire industry
now is going to shift from it's all about performance to it's about efficiency and and cost is this big component? >> I think you're going to have the good yard or whatever you want to call it the open anthropics they're going to be like they're not lowering prices >> there will be others that will come if it you go in pocket books like yeah we have a great it's going to be cheaper wallets. So when you look at Grock and when you look what Meta has done that's sort of been their game. Gro the thing is a lot of it just comes down to content but it speaks to broader SpaceX Tesla the what really Musk is essentially building price will be it's going to be a differentiator it's going to open doors but then it comes down to like if you're an enterprise today what are you looking I mean you you're you're essentially chat GPT or quad and quad has become pervasively probably the best model in the world
>> yeah what I also find interesting interesting that we don't yet quite understand and we're going through this actively with the the Sylvia product that we're building is congrats on that we're dealing with finance and so you want the model to have capitalistic you know uh tendencies and and answers and so this idea of like cultural weights if we were to go put an open source Chinese model to answer questions do they have socialist type ideas or you know kind of eastern world views that are baked in that they may not even be explicit they they may be somewhat but you know kind of uh uh lightly and implicitly put in which then starts to change the answers and influence behavior. It's been a big concern with Tik Tok and you know many other kind of feed or algorithm driven things. What's your take there? >> It's going to be bifurcated. It's almost two sort of worlds that will play side by
side together. The models the cross-pollination between a Chinese model and ultimately US model and ch you're going to sort of have that cordoned off. There are social issues. There's capitalistic. There's worries about government relative to on a data perspective. It's US and China today, but like as Middle East, as eventually Europe, as rest of world, this is just it's the beginning of what we're going to see as models. Cuz I could argue like 2 3 years from now, you go to Malaysia, Malay, they might have like their own country. They might have it specifically to finance and industrials and others. So I think you are going to see that across the board which is why the models are so important as you start to see this fourth industrial revolution the use cases I mean you've seen front and center with what you're doing on the consumer side on enterprise all these data centers that are getting
built it's like a stadium you got to fill with people you got to fill it ultimately with GPU with capacity and with use cases >> you know what I find interesting is um it seems like the AI industry could learn something from the crypto industry which usually you know, those two groups are have been some separate but there used to be this thing called the fat protocol thesis in crypto and the entire idea was that all value was going to acrue to the protocol layer whether that was you know bitcoin ethereum whatever obviously that's not what happened instead you got applications and then you got infrastructure you got the protocol etc it seems like AI is going through the same thing and I haven't heard anyone explicitly say it's like the fat AI model thesis but that's pretty much what people who are betting like the models are going to eat the whole stack I just don't see that world happening
like I see it being very much fractured and I think that's good because it ultimately uh creates a better performance, better uh applications and lower cost for the customer. >> I think that you know we went through a period and I think some of that was maybe like the PR problem that AI created but it was a view like anthropic eating everyone's lunch. I mean even go back to like cyber security the view like AI was going to you know in terms of anthropic was going to eat cyber security. The reality of cyber security is going to be I'd say it's going to budget's going to double over the coming years because of AI. If you look from a the SAS apocalypse, there will be software companies disintermediated as we see. But I agree with you is that I think right now I think the biggest misconception or I think maybe the way that the market is maybe you know misjudging how this is all going to play
out underestimating the scale and scope and the second third fourth derivatives of what's playing out today. Today is it a small number of players that are that are the winners? Yeah. But this is it's building the Las Vegas. It's like we're in Vegas 1955 building the strip. That's essentially what we're doing. So every one of these companies knows on the hypers scale like we need our spot on the strip. If we don't do that now others will come in. Now you could be like why are you spending so much money now? Goes back to the whole capbacks you know debate. They know this is year three of an 8 to 10 year cycle and you could argue a 20 to 30 to 40ear cycle when it comes to physical AI. That's right now this sort of tugof-war that we're seeing in this market. Today's episode is brought to you by Figure. If you're into Bitcoin, you already know selling's the last thing you want to do. But at the
same time, life [music] happens, man. Opportunities arise, bills come up, and markets move. That's where Figure comes in. Instead of selling your Bitcoin, figure let you borrow against it so you can get cash without losing your position and may also avoid triggering a tax event. Right now, their loans are around 8.91% interest. That's 9.9% [music] APR at a 50% loan to value. So, you keep your upside but still get liquidity. And I know the first question people ask is, "Yeah, but is it safe?" It's a good question. Figure uses MPC custody, which basically means your Bitcoin stays in its own segregated [music] wallet. It's not being lent out, pulled, or sitting on some exchange. They also have optional liquidation protection, which helps if [music] the market gets volatile. And if you're on the other side, like you've got cash and you want yield, they've got something called Democratized Prime.
It's earning up to 9% APY, [music] paid hourly, and is backed by real world assets, not just token inflation. [music] So whether you're trying to hold your Bitcoin longterm or actually put capital to work, it's a pretty interesting setup. If you want to check it out, I've got a link in the description that you can go to or you can go to figurearkets.co/p. >> You know, the other thing I find uh pretty fascinating is there's these big bets on specialized workflows versus general purpose models. And you know, with Sylvia, we're making this massive bet on specialized workflows. But as we've built that product, what we realized is like the model is very important. Um, but it's a lot of the proprietary technology you're building around it. It's, you know, aentic file systems, it's memory, it's, you know, even maybe like model routing is a pretty interesting idea. >> So, uh, Sierra, Brett Taylor's,
uh, company, um, he's been talking about, I think they have an engineering blog that's out where they have something like 20 different models. And so, for those that that don't understand how this works is when you ask a query on Chat GBT, they're routing it to some model that that you've chosen on on their platform. But if you're using Sierra or Sylvia or any of these other platforms, that query may be best answered by Claude or by, you know, Chat GBT or uh Kimmy K3 or whatever. And so that model router is basically taking the query and putting it to the right model. Now, when I see that, what it starts to tell me is actually the world is not going to have general purpose. It's going to start getting super specialized and then the model router is going to be the general purpose, you know, type technology. Is that the way you see this? That's been our whole thesis. Like our whole thesis is
there's a view like AI is just a takes away jobs. Everyone's going to just use these to get rid of whatever white collar workforce, whatever you want. It's wrong. I'm not saying there's not disruption. The reality is is that each you're going to see specific you they could be using the same model, but there's going to be so many specifications and so many different mousetraps that they build. That's what's going to separate you from him or her, whatever it may be. And I think the reality is is that that's more and more what companies are realizing. The proprietary data workflow and what I'll call the model enhancements or maybe algorithms that are specific to companies, whether it's financials, industrial, manufactur, go back to manufacturing. You take company A and B, they're using the same model. The reality is what's the differentiation? if they're using the same model, it's going to be
the proprietary nature of it. And what that's going to do, it's going to create more companies, but it goes back to like it is an innovation boom that's happening in this country. And I just think it's something where we're going to look back years from now and be like, "Wow, that was just the be I didn't realize that A, B, and C was going to happen." I think that that's what makes it such an exciting time. But it's also the tugof-war that we see between capbacks and monetization. >> Well, I think now people have seen this chart of like the mag 7, you know, uh, free cash flow is basically just fallen off a cliff. I mean, it almost look like cartoon. At the same time, the semiconductor, you know, revenues have just exploded the opposite direction and we're literally taking money from the Mag 7 and we're just shoving it into all the semi uh, companies. Is that sustainable? Do you worry about,
you know, Mag 7 type companies doing this or or what's your take? Look, my view is like they're making 10year, 20-year bets. >> Now, grant they've had to take out little debt, do some equity raises, offbend some others. Yeah. But they recognize, see, the difference is the reason capbacks is not getting ultimately cut or you're not seeing hesitation. as they talk to more of their enterprises, more of their companies, they realize what the pipeline is going to look like. Now, of course, Oracle being like maybe like the poster child for this like took on more and more debt. Stock obviously got crushed because OpenAI 300 billion call another 300 billion of deals. So, like where is the breaking point where companies need to ultimately peel back? I just think it's one where we are talking about an 18 to 24month period that will ultimately set the stage for the next decade. And that's what that's
what these companies are doing. And look investors some will say I'm done. No mas patient. I don't want to see this free cash. I want to see them pull back. But it comes back to like 2022. Jensen, why are you spending on AI? You're you're a gaming GPU company. Like go back to like 2008 financial crisis. Apple, you released the iPhone. It was great in 2007. Now with the financial crisis, why would you continue to double down here? Everyone has Blackberries. Let's just focus back on your core. Nadella, why go after cloud? You're not a cloud company. Just focus on Noia and the traditional Microsoft. Like I'm just saying you could go back to decades and there were companies they went through gut check periods. That's what the industry is going through right now. And basically what you're arguing is uh they're making these bets. And I guess if you just extrapolate this out, if they're right, they're
not investing enough. >> If they're wrong, then it almost isn't going to matter how much they invested because they're they're blowing the money. But then to that point, if they were wrong, by this point in the cycle, they would have already saw, you know, wherever the smoke come out of the chimney, whatever the signs are like, whoa, come, they're not seeing the ROI, they're not. But I could tell you like pal I could tell you like whether it's Palunteer whether it's snowflake whether it's what we see on cyber security private companies data bricks data you see it more and more that the companies they're seeing the ROI >> that's why they're spending more whether it's insurance financials biotech pharmaceuticals is AI ultimately going to be like the first true discovery to get rid of a Parkinson's a cancer and Alzheimer's like I'm just trying to walk through like I There's a view today where
it's just okay, it's going to take away my job and increase my electricity bill and that's a huge PR problem created by the industry. The benefits of this are just starting to to be realized and I think that look that speaks to the market like that's why every earning season is so important validation what demand but I can just tell you from recent Asia trip like it's still what 12 to1 demand and supply when it comes to chips. When you think of those bottlenecks, right? You go on these trips, you go and you visit the manufacturers. I think memory chips like we can go through all these different components. Where do you see the bottlenecks that are not getting solved? >> Memory is the biggest bottleneck because there's no all like a Pal Ives memory data that we're going to build in New York or New. You're talking about like on one hand the amount of memory players. That's why from SK you know
to to Micron to everything we see you know across Korea and you've seen in the Cosby like there memory is the biggest constraint that we see and you probably don't have equilibrium till 2028 2029 now you could argue different on in terms of the stocks what are they reflecting is it cyclical has this almost changed the cyclicality power is clearly the biggest constraint and I think biggest constraint is just data centers need to get built in the US for this all to happen. That's there there's no gray as we go into like midterm elections and like political grandstanding and no data centers here and that whether it goes from like you know if there was a a mortorium in New York and then it goes down Tennessee or Texas I think the biggest risk relative to US China it's a data center B because there's no debate where we're winning on chips models hyperscalers IP China winning on robotics and energy.
But if data centers are not built here, that's that would be like, you know, a hospital not having, you know, surgeons or not having, you know, the technology to do what they do. So that that continues to really be the bottlenecks. >> What do you think about Hokll's uh moratorium in New York? I think it's so dangerous because the problem is like and like me and you, we go to DC a lot, you know, and like there's some politicians that I've met with whether they're senators or they get it. They're technologists. They understand not just the job creation, but what this ultimately mean in terms of ripple effect. When you get into the political grandstanding argument about it, especially with a lot of politicians that are still using Blackberries, the problem is is that it's dangerous because that's the limiting factor. Now, I get some of the risks and some of the concerns, you know, whether it's
a, you know, water, cooling, sound, and other things that need to ultim obviously get vetted. That's the danger because ultimately it's those jobs. They go to other states. That's why right now like I spend more time going to Texas to see companies than a lot of times Silicon Valley. I'm just saying in terms like the shifts and I just think that it's very dangerous when the political piece gets in the technology piece because it comes down to like for the first time in 30 years like I said US is ahead of China when it comes to we don't want to cut ourselves off at the knees. Mhm. Now, it it feels like some of this is driven by local communities, but some of it is being driven by lobbyists and, you know, kind of the big machine. Um, it is always fascinating to me that people who are yelling and screaming about climate change and then they're screaming about the next thing and now it's data
centers. >> But when you go and you look at the data, >> they bring down property taxes in the most concentrated data center locations. Uh, the job creation, not just in the data center. Yes. There's not a ton of different >> restaurants con you get this huge thing obviously the construction industry explodes when you get this stuff happening but I I think the part that maybe people get the least understanding of is then you also like the latency that you get the advantage you get by putting the data center locally ends up having this ripple effect throughout every single business that's there >> and then companies move there. Mhm. >> See, it's also it's the ri go down to Austin, go within 40 miles of Austin in any direction because it's the ripple effect of companies that ultimately move there and then build businesses there around data centers. You're going to have a lot of parts specifically
like in the Midwest where there were companies and I've seen like my whole career, right? Like just going so much around the world around this country where there were cities that had a factory where there was GM Ford, whatever it may be. Then all of a sudden got closed. Okay, that got shipped to Mexico, China, Malaysia, wherever it may be. You the town, so many people lost their jobs. Went from 70,000 people to 15,000. Education, so many other issues that have happened. Now all of a sudden there's opportunities where those could actually come back and get built. And I'm just saying like this is a renaissance. it is a boom in this country and that's probably the thing that like I'm most sensitive to where I get people could have different political views or whatever but when it comes to this it gets dangerous when it becomes a political game relative to the reality of I think what it's ultimately
going to be well the the politics of this too I think is um you have on one hand uh it seems like the big model labs are basically begging the government to go and ban any sort of Chinese open source models etc. Then you've got local communities that are basically begging the government to do moratoriums or ban data centers. Like I don't know. It kind of seems like all the people who were supposed to be in the free market, everyone's turning to the government and saying play referee. Well, I think look part of the problem the industry created a huge PR problem. I'm saying self if you tell everyone almost like pull the ladder up on there. It's like this is going to wipe out jobs. It's going to be the crusher. We're going to own everything. They were bragging. No, but you don't have to be Stephen Hawkins to figure out that's going to be a huge issue. Now you maybe have seen a curtailing there
because also the reality from a job perspective. Yeah, I could tell you speaking so many universities every year like it is a huge fear. But if people think that AI only means them not getting a job or losing their job and their electricity bill going higher and is only just a few companies that are successful because of it, I get it. Like yeah, it's like a ground swell. So I think that's the first thing that needs to happen. You need to separate the reality from the Fed talks about no technology last 100 years ever been a net job detractor. But it all comes down to like that's some of the it's some of the the battles that you're going through right now and it's it's a dangerous time relative to like if we shoot ourselves in the foot for because for the first time now we are in pole position. >> Mhm. When you think about these companies like uh Alphabet etc. obviously their uh earnings when
these things start to come out. I think that people are evaluating them as okay, Alphabet's making big AI bets, but they have search and they have YouTube and they have you know other things. When you go and look at memory companies maybe as an example you could use you know SK uh bit look at Micron all these different companies >> their stocks again look like cartoons like they just have exploded vertical. >> When you're talking to clients and and folks like >> should they be allocating, should they not? How do you think about, you know, there's a shortage, but the stock's up at, you know, 1,200%. >> I think part of it was like as someone like myself, I spend so much time like in Korea for years. Korea was almost like a forgotten market. >> Mhm. >> But yet the memory was all there. That's why now like New York City cab driver talks about the Cosby, but no one even knew what the Cosby was
in terms like you know a typical person a few years ago. I think it's it's probably it's gotten like like a swing. It's probably gotten overdone on one side, you know, maybe not appreciated on the other relative to hyperscalers versus memory. The reality is like the memory players, they will continue to be massively successful because of the hypers scour, but you can't just forget about the ones that ultimately will be probably the biggest winners in the whole thing in terms of big tech. Cuz remember without a lot of times there's a view mag 7's not important anymore. It's idiosyncratic. It's really more memory and chips that you have to focus on relative to broader tech. I disagree because when you think about the endgame here, the ones that will benefit the most are the hypers scalers versus just the when you start to segment it to like the memory or other players on the chip side. >> Mhm.
And I guess as you go further and further through the stack, are there other places that maybe people are not talking about yet, but you think will be big bottlenecks? >> Look, I just think the biggest bottleneck in this country is energy. I don't even think there's a debate then we can say we talk about the data center buildout but I think energy continues to be the biggest debate because look we need 3 to 4x more energy to ultimately if we went to 20 25% of companies fully embracing AI in terms like stat you need 3 to 4x more energy now where that's coming is it pipeline you know is it Is it NASA gas? No, I'm saying is it like Yeah. I mean, you know, obviously you talk about space, but it's like nuclear, >> you know, and then you start to go to like fision, nuclear fusion. I think that right now is the biggest question because we have the technology but at one point you you hit you hit
an energy shortage and I think that's something where that right now there's a race going on that probably look that doesn't happen for another call 2 3 years but that that will be like a big part of this buildout when it comes to the energy and the infrastructure build out in terms of what's happened in this country. >> Today's episode is brought to you by Tik Tok for business. If you run a company you are probably already spending a bunch of money on ads, search X, maybe Meta, but there's a platform your competitors are sleeping on and the window to move first is closing. Tik Tok has over 200 million monthly active users in the US alone and 51% of that reach is unique, meaning that those users aren't reachable on any other major platform where you are already buying. Unlike follower-based platforms, Tik Tok's algorithm rewards strong creative, not audience size. That means a well-made video
from a brand no one's heard of can reach millions of relevant users. For companies trying to acquire users cost- effectively, that's a fundamentally different model. Tik Tok for business gives you fullfunnel tools built for performance. Whether you're looking to drive awareness, introduce your products, or convert new audiences, Tik Tok is becoming an important discovery engine for businesses and cryptocurrency alike. If you're a founder, a CMO, or growth lead and you haven't run a Tik Tok campaign yet, now's the time to change that. Click on the link in the description or go to Anthony Pompiano.splash that.com. Again, click on the link in the description and go check out Tik Tok for business today. Today's episode is brought to you by Arch Public. Arch Public has just expanded its agentic trading platform, Beyond Crypto. So, pay attention. This is a big one. Now, they are automating strategies
across stocks, commodities, and ETFs. And I think that this is going to be huge. You can now automatically take profits when one market hits new all-time highs and rotate that capital into other markets, showing more opportunity. Whether you're rotating capital into AI stocks, gold, if you're investing in the S&P 500, or you're accumulating Bitcoin, Arch Public brings real discipline and automation to your investment strategy. Additionally, they've launched a powerful new tax loss harvesting tool. With crypto being so volatile and its exemption from the wash sale rule, Arch Public can offset gains with losses without compromising your long-term positions. It's exactly what every serious investor does. Institutional grade automation that works across every major asset class. There's no more emotional trading, no more missing tax opportunities, just smarter, hands-free execution of your preferred
strategies. Go to archpubic.com right now. Connect with their team. Set up a time. Bring your accountant if you'd like. Then you can learn what automated trading can do for you. archpub.com. It was just reported that Anthropic's revenue is still growing, but it has significantly slowed from the growth rate that it had previously. Does that worry you? >> It just but it's it's ultimately healthy over time because it speaks like just like you said more models, more competition, pricing will get driven down. You can't just have one company owning the market. Open AI, they're obviously going to continue accelerate. You're seeing people picked off left and right in terms of, you know, the the tech talent and I think it just shows like this industry is more than just anthropic and open AI. It is it's spreading and you're see look go back to like Caterpillar or you could argue on the defense side
like where Lohee Martin could be when it comes to defense tech relative to AI. as almost like a third fourth derivative. And I think investors now are starting to I think better appreciate the scope of what this is all going to do. >> Mhm. >> When you think about your kind of position in the market, you've made a big jump. You're going to go and you and Yorkville are coming together to create uh kind of a brand new modern merchant bank. Explain what this is. >> Yeah. And look for me, you know, over 25 years in the street, like I wanted to try to build something. I mean, look, you've built so much stuff, you know, in terms of, you know, successfully and obviously it's unbelievable for me. It's like I've never built anything. And I I really saw the opportunity the last few years in terms of a true merchant bank one where it's an investment bank, but you actually could skin the game. you actually
have the capital to also invest in the companies, you know, as it's obviously siloed off and to create an endto-end bank that I think there's a huge gap in the market. Yorkville and those I've known personally and professionally for decades >> and for me relative to like the fourth industrial revolution and where we are and the amount of capital that's going to be needed and so many small midcap companies that are yelling from the mountain tops, you know, no one's really paying attention to them. I think that's the opportunity that we see and why I'm just so excited to be building this is really a modern merchant bank. >> And when you think about that merchant bank, what you guys will do uh investment banking services, you have research and then you also make investments in uh certain deals as well. >> Exactly. And that's and I think that's now if you go back like the Thomas Wisle, Robbie
Stevens, you Allen coming like you go back to the early days of what Hangard did at Jeff. I mean there there are obviously like a lot of examples of it. Goldman early days. I just feel like relative to where the market is, there's a huge opportunity like to do with the right people, right? It's something in the right industries, you know, relative to tech, energy, infrastructure, you know, potentially healthcare. And that's why I'm so excited. And for me, it's like I knew like this was the time. It was like right time, right place, right partner for Yorkville lives like to really do something where I feel like we'll have like like anything you'll have skeptics that you but I feel like something that we could really disrupt Wall Street and when you are successful what does that look like? Is it that uh it's the number one merchant bank? Is it specifically focused on just AI? How do you kind
of look at what the north star is? I mean for me the north star is companies when they're looking to like whether like they want like phenomenal research whether they want a company thing from birth to you know like you know from the beginning from a private company into a public company as a trusted partner investors to look at us as like the experts right when it comes to AI tech energy infrastructure are we going to have like you know hundreds of people no But we're going to be like SWAT team like we're going to be someone as a firm where like we're going to have phenomenal people, great culture, entrepreneurial and ones where like when companies are looking for a partner, when investors are looking for a partner, they look at us and for someone like me that's done it for decades, for York that's done it for decades, we just feel like it's just like a unique combination that just makes
us so excited. >> I agree. I definitely agree with that. Um, what are your predictions for the next 6 months or so? through, you know, through the end of the year when it comes to uh kind of the big AI trade. >> Yeah, I think we're going we're going to continue to go through these like gut check moments, whether it's a Chinese models, whether it's capex debate, no moss, you know, investors are, you know, sort of putting the sort of white flag, they want companies to ultimately cut it instead of see free cash on monetization. But I just think it all comes down to like the monetization bets will start to show in the second half of the year >> and is that shows whether it's on the hypers scalers whether it's in software whether it's really across the the stack that to me is the key to this market. Now, of course, it's like Fed, oil, gold, crypto, you know, you you go through like so, but it's
tech that will ultimately drive this market or if the market obviously gets hit, it's tech that is the bedrock. So, I just think that we're going into like it's still third inning >> of the AI revolution. You could argue is it second, is it fourth, but those that say it's seventh, eighth, you haven't it's Vegas 1955. You're just building the strip. And I think that's also why the debate relative to like non bubble is this another bub I just and me and you have talked about before is like they are vastly different markets and I would say much more confident that this is truly the fourth industrial revolution today than maybe a year and a half ago >> as you've seen enterprise go down the go down the route. So that's where I I just think it's like but we're going to have narratives and it's very easy for investors to get caught up in narratives and I think that's some of the danger too in a
market like this. The part that I always find uh fascinating is as you get that volatility, it will scare away a lot of folks. But I actually think the best investors, that's why they want to play, >> right? They want the volatility. >> But but totally. But I think it's like it's it's scary especially and me and you obviously like big on social media and we see it's like it's very easy to get like scared into certain narratives or what Nvidia does, you know, 8 hours after they report a quarter. Is it seeing? So, so I think it's one where you have to follow the breadcrumbs. You got to look at capbacks what demand looks like in terms of you know from the chip and the memory players and obviously Nvidia and what and like if you listen to other conference calls I'm not just saying tech I'm saying like just across the board this there's no debate like this is something where companies whether
it's financials healthcare you see it yourself in terms of what you're building the transformative nature of it >> and I think it's one like and even when it comes to physical AI In terms of the future, will there be stocks that get ahead of themselves near-term will there be a lot of volatility? Of course, you're going through probably the biggest transformation we've seen in over, you know, you could argue like a hundred years, but I just think that's exciting and you but you have to focus on your northstar and I think that's the important part. >> All right. Where can we send people to find more about Yorkville? >> Yeah, so yorkvilles.com. you know, all my stuff's on in terms of contacting me and look, we're just so excited to just be doing it. Such an exciting time. >> And Dives Tech on uh X. >> Yeah, Dives Tech X. Remember, I I only blocked very very few people. And then uh and actually
I unblock I unblocked some some people last week. And then uh why did you unblock them? >> Also on LinkedIn. Yeah. Just I felt like, you know, maybe a change of tune on this. You know, you you got you got to give people a second chance. >> Yeah. Why did they originally get blocked? Look, I think you know sometimes when I block people, it's just like I understand like haters and everything, but then you take it a step too far. >> It's like this. If you have a I have a Shih Tzu and a Terry, a Shih Tzu, but eventually if you keep pulling the tail of a Shih Tzu, Shih Tzu is going to bite, right? So, but then, you know, you got to settle down. And I I I also I do the rare uh unblock. Uh you know, as my my good friend Mark Freeze says, the the rare rare unblock. >> All right. Well, hopefully uh to all the haters who took it a step too far, they were uh they were fortunate enough to get the unblock.
Do it again in the future. Thank you.