This week, every famous investor in America published their investment portfolios for the world to see. We're talking about over $200 billion worth of investments across the entire AI stack from the likes of Warren Buffett, Ray Dalio, and even our good friend Leopold, Ashen Brother. And at surface value, it might look like it's quite bearish. They sold a lot of major stocks, including Nvidia, and some memory stocks as well. But if you look carefully, there's two specific layers within the AI theme that they've not only doubled down on, but have increased the pie. There's never been more money in the AI sphere before. And we're going to unpack all of these and more on today's episode. There was an episode that we recorded on July 31st in reference to Leopold's 13F where we said his next 13F filing is going to be one of the most exciting episodes of all time. And listen, we are here. >> It's
exciting. It's guaranteed. I will say it's not exactly how we imagined this forecast going because what we're looking at here is basically a memorial memorial memorial. How do you say it? when someone died like Leopold >> moratorium. Yes, that's what we're looking at. We're looking at a sheet of paper from a company that no longer exists because as we know Leopold was liquidated tragically. Now 13F we might want to start there just so you kind of have an idea of what's going on here. Basically any company that trades equities over $100 million must disclose their positions quarterly within 45 days of the quarter end. So, what we're looking at here and throughout this episode is what those snapshots look like across all the top investment firms in the country and in the world. And we're going to try to derive some conclusions from that. But to start, we have to go to Leopold's portfolio because
everyone's going to want to know what were the stocks that he was in that blew him up because as we know from the previous episode, which if you haven't watched, I highly suggest uh the Wall Street darling um no longer owns public positions. And it's because we have some numbers and it looks like the largest holding by far was uh SanDisk and Micron. He was very much memory pilled. I think the tough thing about this is like directionally I think he was correct. He just got totally liquidated. But Sandis position was 28.5% of the book. He had Micron at 28% of the book. And then I mean together that's over half of the book is in Micron. And then there's Bloom Energy at 9 and a half%. We know how much he was up on that. We have TSMC, Nebia core, we have a couple of the Neoclouds. and then everything else combines for about 18% of the portfolio. So he was heavily heavily heavily involved in these
memory stocks. We know he was using some leverage and it appears as if that's what blew him up. Yeah. So the saddest part about this is probably all of these positions have been decimated. I I saw rumors I think it reported from Bloomberg about a week ago that he now has a casual uh you know 500 to a billion dollar uh open equity position but the majority still lies in his anthropic stake for now. But uh I think if we look at the Leopole thesis in general which was doubling down on AI infrastructure particularly in memory and neoclouds that thesis is still very alive and well and and let's like pause and uh on the memory position. It's had a pretty rocky month. If you remember I think 2 weeks ago we were reporting on SKH he reporting their best quarterly earnings ever. They made more money in a single quarter than they did in an entire year last year, but their stock tanked about 20% the
preceding week. And so the thesis behind that was people thought that memory investors were too overleveraged and that we were reaching a top where GPU infrastructure, Nvidia and all the people that were buying memory could not want to buy more memory. Recent news has been revealed from SanDisk uh over their investing day that not only is that not true, but all these major investors that we're going to be covering in this episode today have doubled down and bought more, especially at the lows recently. And also SanDisk in particular has developed this new type of memory. It's called high bandwidth flash. And I just want to take like 20 seconds to to describe what this is. There's a couple different types of memory. There's DRAM, which is like your standard memory type. There's HBM which is your high bandwidth memory which is specialized for AI GPU specifically and then there's this thing
called high bandwidth flash which is this new thing which was created by SanDisk and honestly dominated by them and it's used for like inference mainly and inference recently has become like the major trend in AI it's actually consuming so much capex spend for the hyperscalers from Google Amazon and the likes and so SanDisk in particular stands to benefit the most from this and they have this new memory type which is being ordered or backlogged already into the end of 2027. So this is a new revenue opportunity for them and we haven't seen exceeding demand like this ever before. So the point is memory the memory argument is still very strong and Leopold was right. He just he was too over 11 man. That's the tragic part is like the the thesis is coherent and it still stands and there was nothing wrong about his positions or his like directional ideas of where the market was going. He just did
it all wrong because he was using improper position sizing and most importantly leverage. I mean, this is what happens when you use leverage. Everybody knows this. So, I think it's an interesting peak into what could have been. Like, directionally, the stock names look strong. It's just the way he positioned didn't look nearly as strong. There is another company who reported their 13F this week that I think it's worth highlighting. Who is when you think of the strongest, they're about as strong as it gets. These people have been around forever. This is Warren Buffett's Birkshshire Hathaway. They are always really interesting because they move in a way similar to the way Apple does. They move very slow. They're normally the last mover. When they do so, they do so with a tremendous amount of size and conviction. Now, as we know, Birkshshire Hathway is no longer run by Warren Buffett. Unfortunately,
no longer run by Charlie Monger either. And Greg Ael is now at the helm of this. So, Greg Ael is the new guy in charge. And he has joined Birksher and has begun deploying capital at pretty high rates. The biggest ad of the quarter, which was 17 billion added, was for Google or Alphabet, which was really surprising to see because why would they be buying Google instead of buying the memory companies? And I think we we have like a thesis. I'll cover the rest first before we get into why, but it looks like they've added 44% of Delta of Macy's of LAR. So, they're very much moving towards a this is kind of like the Joshua Kushner thing where they're like, "Okay, who's been around forever and then who's going to win on the frontier and that feels like kind of how Warren Buffett and Bergkshire are placing themselves here." But the Google thing, I want to talk about the Google thing, EJ. Why are
they buying so much Google? So, I think it's a a thesis that you and I have like been very fond of for over like many years now. Google is the only company on Earth that owns the entire stack for AI. Now, I I just want to emphasize like how important this is. Like they're not only creators of AI models, but they're also creators of custom GPUs that run and train those AI models. They're also creators of the distribution platforms. The number one in the world, by the way. You've got Google Search, obviously. You've got Gmail, you've got G Suite, you've got Android, you've got so many different Google products that distribute to hundreds and hundreds of millions of people every single day. So they have the ultimate distribution platform, but they also own all the infrastructure, the power that is required to fund all of this. And they have amazing amounts of capex. I think Google actually this
year takes the crown for spending the most. I think they're on track to spend around $250 billion by the end of the year. If Google is the only company that owns or dominates across the entire stack in AI, that is an amazing company to own because they can fine-tune each of the different layers for their particular product. So why that's important is let's say you look at Google search data and you notice that customers really like buying houses in a specific area at this time of the year. They can orient their own AI model to produce and serve up adverts or suggestions to people to shop in a particular type of way. And that kind of uniformity or like hyper specificity is really hard to nail down if you are just a model lab creator or if you're just a GPU producer. So that's really powerful for the thesis in general for Google. Now my question to you Josh is do you think this happened before
the fallout within Google when Damis stepped aside Jeff Dean left. I I have a feeling it is. So I wonder if they've cut down their position since but I still think Google's a good bet. Yeah, I would bet this happened beforehand. And I would bet that it's also not really going to change their mind because I don't think it materially affects the business. In fact, it may be a positive. Um, it's like I remember seeing this post from a long time ago that was basically like Google isn't taking themselves seriously until they start firing the leadership that put them in this position. And I mean in a way that's kind of what's happening here. The leadership who put them in this position where they had all the technology did not capitalize is starting to rotate and cycle out. There is fresh blood who I'm sure is very hungry. Sergey Brin is back. He is kind of in wartime mode. And I mean Google is
this remarkably incredible business. And what we're going to find as we go through the remaining 13F filings here is that I mean spoiler alert the two biggest winners this quarter are Amazon and Google. Everyone loves the hyperscalers. Everyone loves the people who are spending huge amounts of capex because it's easy for them to project revenues. For these newer companies when they spend a lot of money it's high risk. They haven't proven their revenue over time. But in the case of Google they're projecting unbelievable margins on their Google cloud services. They have the increasing capability of building their own hardware chips like their TPUs and their ironwoods that they have and they have this entire ecosystem that they've built with a very strong moat and it seems like that's not going anywhere anytime soon. So Google is just this unbelievable business. Same thing with Amazon. They're
companies with huge amounts of capital on their balance sheets. They're companies that are spending it. >> These things are pretty underpriced, man. They're they're pretty underpriced >> on a relative basis. They're not trading at a very high multiple even though they're the only companies with proven track records that are showing quarter over quarter. Hey, we're spending all this capex, but look at the returns that we've had on this capex. There's this amazing stat about Google. And I have no idea what these specifics are, but I remember reading it and being like, "Oh my god, this is so right." Where every dollar Google invested yielded say like $2.8 in return or something like that where since since the inception of the company. So when you hear a company like Google who is one of the best capital allocators in the world over the course of the last three decades saying not only are we
going to spend a lot of money, we're going to spend a record amount of money because we are so high conviction that these investments will pay off in the long run. I think you got to get pretty excited about that because as a capital allocator there's not many people better than Google. So that is why I presume Birkshere we see uh taking a pretty large position in this. But now we have to move over to what feels like home for us. I think this is the uh Brad Gersner, the Gavin Baker, the Nvidia portfolio. These are what the the companies that I think like when we think of the companies we want to invest in, this feels most true to me at least. Uh the number one holding of all of them, Nvidia, like $2 billion is just crazy. It's like $ 1.9 billion. They have second for Brad Gersonner is Cerebras at 1.6 billion. Then there's Meta, TSM, Cororeweave, ARM. Gavin Baker on the other hand, $4.7 billion
position in SpaceX. then Micron, Cerebras, Aster Labs, Sienna, and Credo. Those bottom ones I don't even recognize. But that's kind of how we could think of the top two perhaps like Twitter traders, the the top traders on X, here's kind of the position that they find themselves in. Yeah. I mean, if I were to bucket these investors in a particular group, it's like the forward-looking group, right? They're like the higher risk takers, but they're playing with like much bigger capital allocations. It's funny you mentioned the the SpaceX 4.6 billion position from Gavin Baker. this was his biggest win. I I was listening to a podcast of him on the All-In um show just yesterday and he was basically like, "Yeah, this is like one of my biggest winnings, but like what I'm most excited about right now is the power and optics trade, which seemingly is a big theme amongst these particular investors in
particular. So, just to give you a kind of like lay of the land, when you invest in AI, the typical names that people look at are things like Nvidia. or they look at some of the hyperscalers that were mentioned already which is like Google and Amazon and then if you kind of dig a layer deeper they're like oh no all these guys are going to need a lot of memory so you invest in the likes of SanDisk Micron SKH highix these are names that we've already mentioned on the show multiple times before but something that we haven't really opined on is this idea of power so if you have all these expensive GPUs that Nvidia is making if you have all this memory to make these GPUs you still need power to turn these things on but also there is tons of data that these GPUs are generating that they need to kind of like transfer between these GPUs and that's something that Gavin Baker specifically has identified
really early on and he's winning quite a lot through the likes of companies like Coherent Corp. So let me explain sort of very quickly why this is important. So if you look at the sector of uh photonix which basically means light when you have a ton of GPUs in your data centers it gets really arduous to transfer data between these GPUs especially if you like rack up like hundreds of thousands to millions of GPUs which is like what Elon Musk is basically doing right now. The way to transfer data between GPUs is using copper wires and it uses electricity. It's pretty good. It's been used for like decades now at this point, but we've reached a point where there's so many GPUs that it becomes incredibly inefficient and cost inefficient as well. So, you waste power and you waste a lot of money. The solution to this is basically using light and you heard me correctly like literal light to transfer
data and this solves a problem where it's much much cheaper and you can transfer data at rapid speeds over very great lengths and the only way to do this is through companies like coherent through companies like Genova who basically create the materials and the kind of like tiny infrastructure tools that kind of like latch onto your GPUs that'll allow yourself to do this and we've seen this trade become quite consensus over the year so far. You look at Kheron Group is kind of like one of the major manufacturers here which Gavin Baker has taken a pretty big position in and year to date they're up 85%. Um if you look at this position actually here on our artifact that we have here he's taken a major position in Astra Labs which helps with the interconnects between GPUs. So basically like the plumbing the wiring the ability to transfer tons of data and information across these GPUs is where
all the money has been flowing. And it's not just a Gavin Baker thing. It is a Brad Gersonner thing. And it is pretty similar across traditional investors as well, including like Ray Dalia. So it's cool to see and I think it's something that I'm keeping my eye on quite astutely actually. Yeah, you can kind of see these companies based on their size and their risky exposure going out the curve. Like we have Birkshshire who's right at the core. You're buying Amazon, you're buying Google. Those types of companies are going to be slower, more steady growth, much more stable. Then there's people like Gavin, people like Brad Gersonner. They're going the next concentric circle out of this loop. They're going to the infrastructure layer. What is required in order to generate tokens? It's optics. It's memory. It's like going further and further out the stack. That's kind of what we're seeing with
them and it has been playing out really well. Another thing I wanted to mention in Gavin's portfolio is that he has a huge $2.3 billion position on QQQ puts. And for those that aren't familiar, that basically means he's buying the right to own shares of the QQQ, which is representative of the index, at the current price, meaning it's insurance in the case that it goes down. So I find this interesting, too, and we saw this with Leopold's portfolio as well, where everyone has this, or not everyone, but there are a few people that have this hedge baked into their portfolios currently, where if the market goes down, they can still survive. They're really just making a very specific, hyperconentrated bet, in this case, on AI hardware, the infrastructure layer. So even if they're wrong, even if the market does go down, but AI hardware still continues to do well, they can win. And I find it interesting
that they do have this hedge put in place, which is kind of cool. There's also Nvidia, which I found interesting. And apparently they they also filed a 13F because they I mean, as a company, they own quite a bit of things. The first one being Intel. They own $30 billion of Intel, which is a pretty large position. Yeah. I mean, good good place to be. It's funny, you think of Intel and Nvidia as like total competitors, but Nvidia owns like quite a big chunk of change in that company. Nvidia also has a second biggest holding being SpaceX, which we all know. I mean, this clearly makes sense. SpaceX is going to be exclusively buying Nvidia GPUs to power all the new data centers. Then also there's Coree, there's Coherent, there's Nokia, there's Synopsis. There's this interesting thing where there is kind of like the circular economy type questions going on where like okay Nvidia invests in Core
we have a Nebus then they take that capital to buy Nvidia GPUs which shows up as Nvidia revenue. They have these companies on their cap table that they are investing in and therefore collecting revenue from. But I mean at the end of the day this is kind of the general play from the people who are in the trenches in the world of AI. A lot of infrastructure a lot of those like higher level purchases into Intel into SpaceX into the Neoclouds. uh that's what they're thinking about. If you are considering investing in this space, the number one northstar you should always ask yourself is will the demand for AI products, AI tools, AI models be greater 10 years from now than it is today? If your belief is yes, then all of these things infrastructurally, especially involved in physical atoms like GPUs, like energy, like power is all going to be required and going up. Now, of course, you need to make
sure that you are backing the types of companies and builders that are actually going to execute on this. And when I think of like the the dummies guide to to what to to kind of like support, I look at Nvidia's portfolio essentially because they there's no one better than Jensen Huang who has a much deeper insight as to what is actually being built and where the demand actually is. He said on a recent uh I think it was like an interview panel or maybe it was like at one of these conferences that he spoke at that people are questioning uh whether some of these AI labs or some of these hyperscalers are actually seeing demand for the AI models and products that they're offering like Microsoft and Google for example prior to their quarterly earnings everyone was doubting them. Then they released their quarterly earnings and not only has their revenue gone up like 5x over the last quarter, but
they've also seen revenue margins specifically go up and it's the same trend that you see across Neoclouds, hyperscalers, as well as some of these CPU companies. So you see his biggest position is a $30 billion stake in Intel. Now, I want to remind everyone that I think it was midway last year that he put a $5 billion investment into Intel to own I think it was like what was it like a 5% stake in them. Uh he invested alongside the US government and the main reason for that was unclear at the time but today is very clear. Intel creates bleeding edge CPUs in order to orchestrate all these hundreds of thousands of GPUs. You need things like CPUs to make sure that your AI agents make the right tool calls and to make sure that they operate efficiently and fast enough for you to get your answer to your prompt. And this is what all of these companies are that Nvidia is investing in. And you see
this collectively across so many of the different phones. They're betting on AI demand just being higher. And if that's the case, then you're going to need more Neoclouds. You're going to need more hyperscalers. You are going to need way more AI models. And you're going to need a way to route across all of them. You're going to need the power to like power all of them. So this just makes a lot of sense to me. >> Yeah. No, it's pretty interesting. I guess now we could kind of move down to the like the rapidfire versions of just like who who is left here. One of the noteworthy investors, Bill Aman. We have uh he is positioning himself mostly in payments, which I find interesting. His new positions are Visa, Mastercard, S&P Global, and Netflix, which is a little bizarre. And when you think about that one, you're like, "Huh, why payments?" And then you think, well, who did Stripe just acquire?
Um they just acquired Open Router. It's like it turns out payment infrastructure is due for an entire overhaul and it seems like if you are betting on that you're almost shorting Visa and Mastercard uh not buying Visa and Mastercard. So I'd love to talk about why I'd love to ask him like why are you going long these companies when everybody's actively working to sabotage and destroy them? Like the credit card providers, for those who don't know, they normally take an x amount of pennies and like 2.9% 2.7% of every transaction fairly large and a lot of people are kind of sick of paying that. And it seems like AA agents are needing their own infrastructure lay in order to make these payments. So I find the Visa and Mastercard pretty interesting. Uh there's a few other noteworthy ones. There's um this guy Sam Clara who runs apparently 35.4 billion worth of money. His number one is Amazon. I
mean, I it seems like there's a lot of people in Amazon being the number one. Tiger Global, I think they had theirs as number one. Also, David Ter, his number one was Amazon. A lot of people are really excited about Amazon. I'm just looking at this and I'm seeing like a lot of confusion. Like you've got Bill Aman buying all the finance rail companies, but he's trimming Amazon down 25%. Then you got Seth Clemen buying Amazon. Then you got Terry Smith dumping Visa, dumping dumping Alphabet. And so I'm like, okay, like some of these funds kind of agree with each other, some of them don't. I think on your point around why Aman might be buying like the financial rails and why Stripe just acquired Open Router. I'm realizing that like the whole thesis of like plumbing AI, I want to buy tokens and I want to convert those tokens into intelligence that makes my business earn more money. Stripe is perfectly
positioned for that. Visa and Mastercard perfectly positioned for that because they already have the distribution to all of these different companies financial books, right? They're already getting paid. So for them to flip on a switch and say, "Hey, we can also provide you and serve you the inference for all these different models might actually be really attractive." Maybe that's my tinpole hat guess, but yeah. Well, all of these things also require agents. And we're going to have to talk about agents again because of our friend and sponsor Ledger, who is building an infrastructure for agents in which there's a three-part solution. The agents propose, the humans approve, the ledger signer enforces the transactions that are being made. They built this really neat Ledger agent stack that allows you to use their open source tools to work with agents because chances are I mean if you're building
with agents you're pretty worried about security. There's been a lot of breakouts from companies like OpenAI and Anthropic recently. You want to lock that down. You do so with this hardware process that Ledger has. They work with cloud code. They work with codecs. It works with cursor. It's all totally open source for you to try out today. And you can find more in the link in the description below. Thank you to Ledger for sponsoring this video. And as we get to the final segment of the show, we have to make the you have to answer the question like, okay, what is the smart money actually buying in consensus after going through all these portfolios, after seeing all these companies, what are the largest winners and losers? And we have this really nice chart on screen for those who are watching on Spotify, YouTube, wherever you get your videos, it shows kind of where everyone's been adding.
And I see this line down the board of Ter who seems to have added like pretty much everything going across the board. He's the new dude. Uh it seems like Ter's like really making a strong play into Amazon, Alphabet, TSMC, Power Energy, Neocloud, SpaceX. But what we do see is the most amount of dots out of all these funds across Alphabet. Everyone's really bullish on Google. People want to own the company that's spending how many hundreds of billions of capex this year with how large profit margins in their cloud infrastructure with like a new leadership team that's coming in probably a little more hungry than the old. It seems like this new beginning for Google almost. And the hope is that a lot of people can capitalize on that. The next most popular, I guess there's three of them here. It's Amazon, TSMC, and SpaceX. Those all seem like pretty amazing opportunities. Amazon, we know, is pretty
much one of the largest mag companies for AI exposure. You get AWS, you get the sneaky anthropic stake for the company, and then you get tranium chips, which are all three huge verticals that can play a large role in the earnings of Amazon. I think people are pretty excited about these large cap companies. SpaceX again goes without saying we have 25 episodes on why they're going to be one of the most valuable companies in the world. People are excited about AI data centers in space. They're excited about Gro getting on the frontier. They're excited about the data center buildout. There's a lot of things to be excited about there. And then TSMC is just buying the picks and shovels, man. Someone's got to make the chips. TSMC is pretty damn good at it. I think when we look at this, um, it gives you a clear idea of where the consensus of investments are in AI right now. Like you look at Amazon
and Alphabet, that's not new news from like a couple years back when these companies were making very heavy capex investments in in in AI in general. I still think that they have a long way to go and I don't quite believe people think uh that AI is going to be as big as they could potentially conceive. Like when I look at Andy Jasse, CEO of Amazon's reports on AWS, I can't help but think that I can't help but get like incredibly bullish about it because it's not only him making what is it like a $200 billion investment this year in AI Cabex, but it's him showing us publicly, by the way, this is all reported on the revenue and margins that are expanding for the company itself. So when you look at that and you look at the investment, it kind of makes a lot of sense. Bear in mind, Andy Jasse has been running AWS well before he was CEO of Amazon. So he knows the infrastructure in and outs the
best, better than anyone, right? So when he says things like this, it's it's very important, I think, to pay attention. Now, if you lower your gaze to to bottom of this stack, it tells you where the money is effectively going to go. It's going to be in things like power and energy. It's going to be in things like payments and memory. Now, memory is already quite a consensus trade, but as you can see, a lot of people got scared after the Leopold blowout. Now, is it just a bl that was based off of leverage or have we reached some kind of top that maybe makes no sense? We're going to have to see over the next couple of months. It's my belief that like memory is constrained by physical atoms. We do not have enough plumbing and chip fabs out there to meet demand going into 2028. I just want to emphasize all the supply that is available for memory for next year is completely sold out. You've got
SanDisk literally inventing brand new forms of memory to be able to serve up demand just to kind of get memory into the hands of AI providers. Now, when you look at payments, this is kind of like a brand new thing. You know, maybe we'll have a few more episodes in the future about this, but you've got Stripe just acquiring Open Router. You've got RAMP creating their own router. There's a lot of movement in the AI router side of things, and that's a thesis to unpack on a separate episode. And then you have NeoClouds and power and energy which has been the case for so many years at this point where we have all these GPUs. We're going to have way more GPUs in the future and we don't have enough power to surfer this. So we're looking into nuclear, we're looking into solar, we're looking into ripping jet engines off planes and trying to like spit it up at the back of a data center, which is what
Elon Musk is literally doing. He bought a company to help him do that. And so I think we're going to see a bunch more of these investments. Whether it pays out or whether it plays out is something we're going to see over the next couple of months. It's my strong belief that we will, but again, this could all be a house of cards and a lot of people think so and so I don't want to negate that fact. Maybe >> it's also worth noting that these aren't uh specific AI filings for 13F companies. Like these are just the standard 13Fs. It just so happens that it seems like a lot of the large funds are investing in AI, which is interesting is like if if everyone's focused here, is there an edge elsewhere? Is there some place that other people aren't looking because everyone is seemingly interested in figuring out how this AI trade plays out? Possibly. Probably. I don't see my boys Tesla anywhere. Come
on, where's the love over there? But it's interesting. It's interesting to think like, hm, okay, well, if everyone's focused on these things, is there an edge? Is there alpha elsewhere that we may be able to extract from the market? Like the >> It's interesting. No one's holding Nvidia, Josh, like some of the like the major company that's making these these GPUs. Yeah, that was a Yeah, actually Nvidia was missing from most of these, huh? Except for I believe Gavin Baker maybe uh has it as his largest holding. I think he's Jensen's biggest bull. He probably owns quite a bit. Warren Buffett's still Bergkshire Hathway's biggest holding is Apple. And I find it ironic that it's been the biggest holding forever. Um because everyone's just kind of forgot about it. They've moved past it. And yet Apple is currently sitting here the most valuable company in the world, even more so than Nvidia. So it's
it's pretty interesting to see kind of how these companies structure themselves. See which ones are more nimble like Leopold and getting blown out of their portfolios. Which ones have been around since the beginning of time like Birkshere and they're actually just long some of these fantastic companies that is now the most valuable company in the world. And perhaps you can use that to kind of gauge your risk tolerance and see where your personal portfolio fits into this. Um but that is the entirety of the episode today. I want to just thank everyone so much for watching, for being here with us, for hearing about the aftermath of the uh Leopold blowup. I thought this would be exciting for different reasons, but um unfortunately it is exciting because we get to see the final holdings before everything exploded. And now what you're looking at is probably the Citadel portfolio because they bought
the entire thing in a single block of trades. So >> which they're up about 2 and a halfx just FYI from that purchase. >> Can you imagine? Oh my god. >> 2 weeks. Also, didn't Leopold make like a $500 million private investment? I I saw it was reported on like Bloomberg or Reuters or somewhere. >> Yeah, man. He's down, but far from out. He'll be back, >> dude. He's already back. He's back. Where did he get that cash? >> It's going to You know what's going to be really fun. You know what you really need to stick around for is the next Leva 13F because then we'll see what rises from the ashes. It's like, okay, like what is left? Is it going to be zeroed? Is he even going to have enough money on the balance sheet to be required to file a 13F? We will see. I suspect the answer will be yes. I suspect it is a phoenix rising from the ashes, a strong comeback. But that's the update. If you enjoyed
this episode, as always, uh first, thank you so much for watching. We really appreciate you sticking around till the end. Second, uh don't forget to share with a friend who might also enjoy. Don't forget to give us a thumbs up on YouTube or wherever you view your podcast. Easy any final parting thoughts before we head out of here today? No, I uh I'm curious for the folks who are listening who I I get are very investor oriented. Are there any layers of the stack or if there any companies that we're missed? Like we would love to to hear about it. Like leave us in the comments uh a note, DM us, whatever. We're always looking for like where the edge might potentially be. And you know, Josh and I have got our rose tinted glasses on, right? We love memory. We love PAL. We love Nvidia. We love Google. So, uh if you have any ideas, let us know. But that I think is it. And yeah, we will see you guys
on the next one.