The danger could be the stock remaining at this corrected price for a long period of time.  That is, enter now, correct the action another 20% 30% and stay here for a long time. Hello dears and welcome to a new video on the Grow Your Wealth YouTube channel, here where we try to keep you updated with everything that is happening in the financial area, in the area of our companies of interest, financial reports, the resumption of the conflict between America and Iran, oil prices, the blockade of the Straits of Hormuz and the Red Sea. We discuss all of this.  We would like to thank our members who support our work and our partners at XTB. Yes, thank you for joining us for another episode.  We hope to debate interesting things and gain something from this hour you spend with us. We thank our members for being with us and we try to prepare them.  We have prepared them in advance for what is coming
in the capital market and we are trying to support them during this delicate period through daily materials and perhaps even additional materials in the next period, certain videos in which we will have to debate the mindset part more . And don't forget to tell them to like and subscribe because most don't do that. Yes, dear ones, subscribe to our channel, press the like button, for the vast majority the team told us no, don't do that.  So let's get started.  And if you want to subscribe to our newsletter, in which every Monday we send to the people who are subscribed the introductory material of the week, which is taken from our materials written for our members.  Basically, you can see a teaser of what a community material looks like .  There you have all the details, the link is in the description and I think for those of you who are interested in coming to our community at some point,
which is currently closed and we are making a waiting list, you can see a short material about what is happening there.  We start from the European area, here where the central bank has its meeting on monetary interest rates and what happens?  We have a hold after last session we had a slight increase in interest rates.  At the moment we have stagnation and in the end it is very interesting what the European Central Bank is doing because it is the second most powerful in this monetary area.  We look very closely at the decisions she makes.  How do you see this stagnation and what can we expect in the near future? It's a welcome stagnation because the European Central Bank was a little hasty with rate increases. We know that this stagnation comes after an increase in the previous session. It's a time, let's say, when they want to test people's return home from vacations and the World Cup and
other events they attended and the start of spending in their countries of origin.  We'll see how this plays out, but I don't think Europe is in danger of inflation rising.  Even though prices are still rising, Europeans do not consume as much as Americans do. Yes, but from this point of view, I think the European Central Bank made a good decision.  Now we will see how things will evolve by the end of the year.  For now, stagnation is what was needed. We have a somewhat predictable situation, but at the same time surprising for the markets.  The rekindling of the conflict between America and Iran.  We have some blockades going on around the Strait of Hormuz that are quite well known.   The problematic situation is that the Houthi group is trying to block the Swedish Channel and the Red Sea. Yes, there is another strait there. Babel Mandeb.   Yes. which, if blocked, would cut off this access
to Europe.  In practice, Asia and Europe would no longer have such good access.  they should make a detour around Africa and then return through the Strait of Gibraltar. And then what I'm curious about right now is that something that would extend the duration of a trip on oil or cargo ships from Asia to Europe would also increase transport insurance.   Yes. And I would like my colleagues to insert the material here so that you can see that map better.  I'm curious how you see this idea of conflict at the moment, and I was asking you before we even gave our recommendation if you think it's viable that this threat that Donald Trump is repeatedly mentioning now, when he said he was close to making the decision to attack Iran, could end up with even a ground attack.  We know this is the most undesirable thing, but it seems to me that the strings are slowly being stretched so tight that, God
forbid, this could happen.   Yes. What we need to know is that this Houthi group is supported by Iran. Absolute.  Yes. And they are trying by any means to strangle oil traffic, oil exports, but also the traffic of goods from Asia to Europe. This is something very serious that is happening. We mentioned here that it is unlikely that the calm in the Persian Gulf will last very long.  I mentioned it a few times even when we had a positive surprise with a treaty signing on Trump's birthday, the signing of a treaty between America and Iran.  We don't believe in such a thing and we never will. America is pursuing its plan further. From my point of view, America is currently in a situation where it exports oil.  So any blockage of the Strait of Hormuz does not harm America, it harms other states.  as a complement, how beautifully Ukraine, which is one of Palantir's entertainers, fits into this strategy
by attacking Russian oil refineries with drones at the very moment when the only viable trade route is from America to the rest of the globe.   Yes , yes, America.  That's why we've been mentioning here for some time [tense voice] that America's geopolitical and military strategy has changed, and national security has changed very, very much with the arrival of Trump.   I don't think the Brick countries have the courage now to declare anything against the dollar or against America, or things are going the way America wants with the necessary risks, with the necessary conflicts, let's say. All we hope is that this conflict in Iran ends as soon as possible. Also, the conflict in Ukraine, if possible, would be perfect if it ended around the elections in the United States.  Maybe yes, maybe no, we don't know.  We want this as soon as possible But what is happening in the Persian Gulf will not
last. Always [trained voice] as long as the state of Israel and Muslim countries exist, it will not be peaceful. Donald Trump's double tariffs. In case you missed this, I don't know, tariff series, Donald Trump is going to start it again.  I'm trying to make a topic interesting that we as investors don't necessarily like and isn't desirable.  It's just that right now , as you were talking about America's strategy earlier, it seems that America's strategy right now is full domination over everything that means economic adversaries who at some point raised suspicion over the dollar, America's most important weapon.  They have raised suspicions about America's supremacy as a world leader and the response is always very brutal.  Even if in the end we end up with American citizens suffering and companies subsequently benefiting from some taxes that they receive back from the American government,
we realize that those who are affected are America's economic adversaries and that is more than more than visible. We see problems in the Asian area.  We hope that some open conflict fronts will not intervene, as it seems to be fashionable in recent years in that area, but I'm curious how the tariffs are looking at the moment and this strategy is starting to take shape, a bit too aggressive for a lot of the American population, but it seems to be taking shape, it seems to calm the waters a bit .  In Russia, we see problems with fuel at the pump.  The first time Russia buys from India, we see that China is much more docile with America, much more willing to negotiate.  The area of ​​the six, let's not say there are quite big problems in many, many places there and I was curious how you see this new strategy with tariffs, do you see it being implementable or is it more of a statement to scare
the markets?  not necessarily to scare the markets, but wants everyone to respect what they established in the first round, so to speak April 2025. Yes, I believe that America is following its strategy going forward, both in the geopolitical and macroeconomic areas, because it must force all those who initially agreed to invest in America to do so . If there are still companies or states that have not yet started certain projects to develop production facilities in America, hm, on the occasion of this warning, let's call it that, they might do it, speed up the work, speed up the work a little, speed up the investments a little because Trump, apart from this year, still has two more years of office and must achieve everything he proposed by the end of his term. He has to leave a very strong legacy behind and at a time when certain major companies are creating production facilities in America,
they can't really get out of there.  I mean, it's hard to bring them in, but once you've brought them in, they're captive.  Because if they want to continue selling in America, they need to keep jobs and even increase production capacities.  Yes, it's a good strategy for America and this has been seen since last year. Let's see how it will end. And as you well know, this podcast is supported by our partners at XTB.  XTB, which is this broker that gives us access to foreign markets, a broker with residence in Romania, with support in Romania and with a program in which they offer a free course for people who sign up with them on the platform, are new, create a new account and use the code Gyw as a reference. When they create this account, if you use our code, you will receive a free course for people who are just starting out and want to understand how this area of investment works and what
its implications are.  You will find all the details on the link in the description with the mention XTB.  We continue with the Google report, a report that at least caught my attention, it seems to me to be a negative period that Google is going through and it's important to mention this.  The first report with negative free cash flow, I think, in about 10-15 years.  It's a negative free cash flow that comes from the very large investments in the cloud and artificial intelligence areas that Google is making to remain competitive in the market.  At the same time, I was watching that Google recently raised capital from the market through an issuance of shares, convertible bonds. Convertible bonds.  In the end, it 's still a dilution, but it would still be if those people wanted to convert those bonds into specific Google shares. Now, the question I wanted to ask you about the Google report,
how did you see it and how do you think Google is positioning itself?  What is their real strategy?  What do you see that the vast majority of people don't notice? I'm a little contrarian about the feedback the market is giving to that Google action.  Why?  Because I realize that we are in a period of transition in which massive investments are being made in the AI ​​area.  Google is accelerating strongly and we have been mentioning for a very long time that Google's Deep Mind division is among, if not the most performing.  Among the most efficient, if not the most efficient. And I believe at this point that if Google stock corrects below $300 it will become a very important opportunity for investors starting certain portfolios.  And I can mention here on YouTube that when we open up our community to new members, those with a moderate dynamic risk profile will be empowered to buy Google aggressively.
Google at under $300 is a very big opportunity for the future because it will remain one of the largest companies and will increase the share price a lot at least in the next two to three years and even beyond, even if Google also goes through a fairly large correction or a crash somewhere in four to six years when there will be this crash in the market and Google will have a correction, but until then, I think the share price will increase quite a lot after the correction you are going through now. As for me, [snoring] please excuse me, I am going through a delicate moment of crisis due to an allergic rhinitis that I have. And if you see me, you see me like this with a little more teary eyes or you see me holding my hand to my nose, I really have a pretty serious problem.  But we're doing our best to film this video because that's what we promised we would always do every week and no matter
what conditions we're going through, even if we're away on vacation or even if we have health problems or something else, we try to be here face to face with you every week.  A very good report after a long, long time at Intel.   Yes. a report that doesn't impress the market much.  This is also because Intel has had quite a large and quite aggressive evolution lately. With this whole semiconductor sector, I was looking at the fact that there is a fairly high demand in this area for CPUs and Intel also participates in this duopoly. Intel and AMD also participate very well and I was curious how you reviewed the report from Intel which, although very good, did not bring spectacular growth but if I'm not mistaken, we are somewhere around 4%. Now before the market opens, yes, the report is very good, but just like Service Now which reported a good report on Wednesday, it came in a negative market
context.   Right now we're filming on Friday around 1:00 PM, preparing for some pretty strong strikes on Iran from America and Israel. Market sentiment is negative. We will close the week in negative territory, in my opinion, because even if there will be a few stocks that open positive today at 4:30 by the end of the session, because we will have a likely fiery weekend, stocks will correct.  Intel very good reporting.  It is a company in which the American state invests.  is a company that received a boost thanks to this investment.  A lot of contracts started to be traded, zero DT contracts and call options with long maturities on Intel were bought, and then the share price experienced a fairly aggressive increase. Intel is going through a positive moment, but let's move on from these two months, August and September, and see how Intel will emerge from this correction, which will be a correction
across the entire market.  We'll see which sectors the tech money will flow to , especially from semiconductors, but I think that when the market returns, Intel will receive the same positive attention from investors.  One report that wasn't very impressive was the one from Tesla, and we decided to discuss Tesla's report as well.  In the idea that, although we'll do it quite subtly, Tesla didn't have a very poor reporting, but again, as in the case of the magnificent ones, there are some very large investments that Tesla is making in this area of new facilities, production facilities, energy megapacks, the area for creating Optimus robots, and then all these huge investments that Tesla has, put pressure on the financial report, on the balance sheet, on the cash that the company retains, and then there are small negative discrepancies.  It's not even helped by, I don't know, the auto industry
which has a very big problem and then somehow Tesla is included as a car seller in this story which is ultimately Tesla's main income line, although it is clear that other areas and new income lines are developing very well .  How did you view the Tesla report?  because we know that you've been following Tesla and paying attention to it for a very long time. Yes, I was expecting a weak report.  I expected massive investments made by Elon Musk because he announced early on that he would build a Terafab, rebuild one of the facilities to develop the Optimus robot there. is in the process of getting capital markets and investors used to the fact that Tesla is no longer a simple car manufacturer, but is a company of AI, robots, energy and so on.  Yes, artificial intelligence. Now, if we take into account the investments that are currently being made and at some point the fact that what these investments
that are being made now will produce will very quickly enter the share price, yes, I expect that in the short term the share price will be impacted due to the ratings received from analysts, the decreasing target price , the decreasing rating.  Yes. But later, after the current correction, Tesla will experience explosive growth again. It's only when we are Tesla investors that we realize that we have an extremely volatile stock in our portfolio.  There is no such thing.  Every year, Tesla has a 50% drop from top to bottom, and there hasn't been a year in which Tesla has n't dropped by 50% from top to bottom. If we take into account that the share price reached $490, $480, $490, that means $ 280, $300, almost $250, not $300, $250.  So Tesla can go to $250 during the period when we expect a correction across the entire market, that is, in August, September.  Can it go up to 250? Yes, it can
go.  We need to realize this.  We need to be prepared for the pain that comes to the portfolio when you own Tesla. Anyone who has not created the position has a new opportunity to create a significant position on Tesla. But for those of us who have the position created, we just have to accept the pain of going through this new delicate episode.   That's all.  I also brought a report that was a hit, so to speak, the IBM report, a report that before we had it , IBM shouted profit warning, raised the red flag and said be careful, we expect a slightly weaker report.  Now that the report has come out, we have realized its magnitude.  I do n't know if I expected the report to be weaker, but it's pretty weak for IBM.  It's weak for the expectations IBM created.  Not necessarily because of how it looks, but because of the expectations that were created based on how the report looks.  And then I'm
very curious that the report itself raises some suspicions towards the entire technology industry, IBM being a Titan company in this area, one of the largest companies in the past was the largest at a certain point.  Now it's clear that it's a much older, much slower company, but when you see problems at this level with IBM, and we'll immediately discuss Oracle, somehow the market wonders if the technology area is a bit inflated. It is very clear that IBM's stock has benefited from exponential growth, especially when the United States came along and announced that they would invest in the area of ​​Quantum Computing. Investing in this area with IBM at the forefront of Quantum Computing, I think the stock has grown faster than the company has come up with some positive results. And this report did nothing but clarify the fact that the action went uphill too quickly for the horses to pull that
cart uphill . Yes, I made a joke like that, sorry if this joke is out of place, but I think there are other companies with prospects whose share price has also grown very aggressively and are holding up because they are in a phase of explosive growth.  They are high growth companies.  While IBM doesn't seem to me to be a high growth company, it seems to me to be a company that has been revitalized by this market attention [snoring] towards semiconductors and by the American state that has come to announce a massive investment in the area of quantum computing and those quantum computers that [snoring] IBM is developing have benefited from part of that budget allocated by the United States, by the United States.  That's all.  For now, I wouldn't buy IBM no matter how much it drops, just as I wouldn't buy other companies no matter how much they drop.  I don't know, I mean Adobe, I mean Intuit,
I mean Sales Force, even Oracle scares me a little in terms of debt.  It's like I would n't touch it no matter how much it dropped.  There are other companies that have declined, maybe will decline further, but that are of much more interest to me.  Yes. IBM is not one of them. Ironing time you mentioned earlier. He receives a 7 billion contract with the Pentagon to revitalize the action a little more.  An action that I can say has collapsed.  I mean, what is the decrease ?  I think I'm putting it a bit in this collapse zone because the decline when you exceed 60% in the price of a share now, especially when the fundamentals are, I think, not necessarily deeply negative, but doubtful, with many suspicions, we can declare that, no, Orăcăl has some problems, somewhere at 64% the decline and it doesn't seem at all close to being completed as long as they don't come to mention to us that they
would stop investing, they would stop having an increased capex.  I was looking for an investor.  I was looking at Oracle because I was curious why I saw her so negatively.  I'm saying now when you have 150 billion in debt, three or four quarters, excuse me, with negative free cash flow now I can't see you very well.  I can't see you with good eyes because it seems to me that the risk is starting to increase so much that the potential profit is no longer justified. And then what I would like to debate in the context of the Pentagon offering this contract, how do you see the situation at Oracle? How problematic do you think this debt situation is, which, if I'm not mistaken, Google recently increased in order to invest heavily in the area of artificial intelligence?  At the same time, a gentleman who shorted Oracle, named Michael Băi, has been showing us lately that his shorts are performing
and that the people who didn't trust him when he had an investment fund were a little wrong, at least for a moment.   He mentioned to us that many of these companies introduce investments in chips from Nividia or chips from AMD or so on in their financial reports as amortization in five to six years, as they do not have a similar lifespan.   Yes. And then in this whole context, I would like you to tell me through your experience how you see the oracle and if you could draw a parallel with what you saw in the past, what moment would you liken the oracle to and when exactly can we raise the bar for this, I don't know, problematic company? It's very hard to figure out what I could compare Oracle's fix to and the situation Oracle is in now, because it's a delicate situation. Oracle is really having a meltdown because 64% on such a company is a meltdown.  If it was 64% on Oclo, there was no problem.
 It was just a correction .  A CL can go up to 90% with correction.  Yes, but Oracle is having a stock price crash. Can the action still be collected from here?  Yes, it can go up to $80, $70.  It can go pretty low, but as long as this danger exists, I wouldn't go near that action. How would you describe the danger for someone who wants to be an ORCL investor?  Now, although we don't feel this, the danger could be represented by the stock remaining at this corrected price for a long time, meaning entering now, the stock correcting another 20%, 30% and staying here for a long time.  This is a pretty big danger because at some point he will get bored with the stock and sell at a loss.  I would advise investors to look at very important companies, companies with a good cash flow situation.  Even if we look at this area of ​​the Magnificent 7 and see that they are also making massive investments,
companies like Google, Amazon, Meta are still much better than an Oracle.  I have a Tesla under a certain price.  Yes, they are much better.  Even Nvidia if it corrects below $170. Whether AMD corrects from this level towards $450, maybe even less, we don't know.  There are much better and better positioned companies than Oracle.  You can't risk investing in a company that has enormous debts, even if it could have some very important contracts.  Just like you said, these contracts span several years.  The revenue, for example the Orcăl contract, these 7 billion are not all recognized in 2026. They are recognized year by year as part of that 7 billion contract.  So you can't come and say now that 7 billion appears in your balance sheet.  There is no such thing.  Only the part that the respective state department , the Pentagon, or whoever signed the contract with them for this year appears.
 Yes, it will be very, very difficult for Oracle stock to return to the prices it was at.  We made a good decision to get out when we had to.  I rode the wave with a lazy hour for $300.  We thanked Larry Ellison profusely for what he offered us, but we also backed down and backed down.  We moved on with the pennies in different positions because we are in the capital market to make money.  We are not in the capital market to fall in love with a company or a CEO. Absolute.   Yes. We are here to figure out where in the near, medium and long term future our money will multiply as safely and as much as possible.  But what we say now about Oracle can change overnight in the context where the business strategy offered by Larry Ellison suddenly changes and these investments suddenly end up being told by Oracle that they don't know, they've decreased by 80% and they say we're cutting investments
because we realize there's a problem. When you get into a game like this, you can't really back down .   That's clear.  Yes.  When you start investing and want to hold an important position in the artificial intelligence area, you can't really back down because it's like you've given up on all your previous investments and taken on some very large debts.  You see, it's in vain.  I mean, you don't see a situation similar to what Meta was like when he gave up the metaverse.  I don't really see that .  I don't really see the same thing. Even Meta cannot come now and say, "Okay, we are completely cutting investments in the IAI area."  They don't have to continue this.  These investments will be part of the company's future development for many years to come.  And then based on what we discussed earlier, I can't help but ask you how you view the emergence of Kimia AI Kimia Ai K3 from China, the
first competitive model since the dipsic, a model that once again appears at a time when the American market is at its peak and basically what is happening? This supremacy that Antropic Open may Grock on some levels, perhaps Google Gemini, perhaps more recently Musei from Meta, may end up having in relation to the Chinese competition, is being contested.  And when this happens, the most problematic situation is the models in China did not have the capex that America has, not even close.  I mean, if we look at America, we see hundreds of billions.  Models in China are made for tens of billions. Now with the reservation that this is the public data provided by these companies.  Now doubtful. We know we are talking about China, we know we are talking about a system closer to communism.  Those of the second generation, older than me, who caught communism, know how , during Ceaușescu's working
visits, everything had to be on point.  That's what reports from China sometimes seem like.  And then I want to ask you how you see this impact brought by language models in China in a context in which suspicions are raised towards many investments in the area of artificial intelligence and many companies, including Oracle, which we discussed earlier. Yes, it seems that the Chinese can achieve more with less and it is possible that all these American companies that invest a lot in the semiconductor area for the development of certain language models will at some point realize that these investments were made on chips that are outdated because we will evolve technologically and other chips will be created. Elon Musk even pointed out that his new production facility, the new Terafab, will produce much more efficient chips. What happens when much more efficient chips catch up with the old chips
for which these companies continue to pay a lot of money? And how do you change its infrastructure when you've already created, I don't know, all the infrastructure on GPUs from NVIDIA, how did you end up integrating, I don't know, a new chip that's different hardware, different networking, totally different? Yes, it's a big question mark and we'll see how these things develop in the future.  I already believe that the semiconductor cycle will stop at some point.  We will have a correction and a subsequent consolidation in the lower area of ​​the correction and only later, in maybe another six months, eight months, a year, will a new growth cycle begin again on Nvidia, Broadcom, AMD and other companies, but it is quite possible that at some point, after this boom, a correction cycle will appear on semiconductors.  And the Chinese are raising a very big alarm bell because they solve a problem
much more cheaply than the Americans do. You've probably seen the famous interview with Chamad Bali Habidia, I hope I pronounced it right, Chamat, who was VP at Meta in and a very big investor in technology.  It premiered on CNBC, if I'm not mistaken, and he talked about this computational capacity that this language model offers us, how much we pay for it, and to imagine it as in a barrel of oil, a barrel.  And he said that if Antropic gives it to us for $26, Open gives it to us for $21. He was saying some prices.  I remember he said about Google when they give $1.5 for 1 vir and $1 for meta.  Now I don't know the exact numbers, but somehow it was in this area that it was referred to.  The Chinese can give it to us at 0.5.  [laughter] You know?  And then looking at it this way, you have to ask yourself a question, not necessarily whether the things are suspicious in the technology area,
but how they managed to do this with much lower costs, how they keep the costs so low.  And then often the answer is the same as in the auto industry, that they are heavily funded and helped by the Chinese state, which ultimately has some data-level interests in these models. Yes, that's one thing, but from my point of view, what China is doing is good for America and for us because it forces Americans to be increasingly efficient and productive as well .  Very right.   I mean, when you don't have a competitor, you can leave it like that, look what I've achieved, I'm the best, but when you see that the competition is coming after you and at lower costs, this aspect forces you to be more and more competitive, to come with lower and lower prices and to have better and better production .  Yes.  o increasingly greater efficiency.  We'll see how things develop, but I say there will be a very
big fight between China and America, in the area of ​​technology, in the area of ​​space. And this is good for us as investors because it forces Americans to print more and more money and make larger and larger investments to keep up with China, which is coming pretty hard. Dear friends, we close as always with Romania.  If you saw me talking a little more in this video when we were trying to compensate for the problem that my health has, yes, that Valentin has, I mean I didn't start talking more out of the blue , but it was a situation in which we tried to have the best possible video, but not [laughter] not to have any problems because Valentina has this situation.  I want to talk, to close with Romania. Tell me, please, what you think about these people who are currently convincing us that real estate is still okay.  I mean, we see problems like this, declining GDP, technical recession,
we don't know what the ratings offered will be like in the end, and so on. Political issues.  The first time the banks were finally probably in agreement with them being hit by this tax. Mr. Isăresc is making supernatural efforts to keep the RON exchange rate with the euro. From this whole context, people who sell real estate generally come to say: Well, yes, they have decreased demand a lot.  Oh, there's no more offers. And now I guess they're right somewhere.  There is no longer such a wide offer because developers have not really developed, they have not built so much lately because they have not really offered construction licenses. Easy, easy, from my point of view, in this area of ​​construction, whoever issues the construction licenses, the construction permits, excuse me, will do everything possible to concentrate these construction permits only to certain large developers. Smaller
developers or those who were building a block or two will gradually disappear from the market. In short, it was a golden period in this area of real estate development in our country, in which many became rich in two or three years because they started building blocks and houses. Slowly, the area will be cleared and only large developers will remain, and only they will receive construction permits. I would say at this point that those who keep promoting this real estate area, the real estate area, yes, real estate sales, are pursuing their own interests.  It's normal for them to present things as being under control, that things are looking good, that yes, they are selling, good locations are selling, they are [snoring] I would say they are not really selling. All the data coming to us now.  I don't want people to look at us because every time we talk about Romania, somehow we talk [snoring]
about the things that ultimately reach us from the field and there are a lot of notaries who tell us that not so many are signing anymore and Yes.  Yes, you have to do these things.  At the same time, I see that if our interest rate fluctuates so much and we don't know exactly what the price will be, this variation in inflation, not the price in SIM, but it seems like they're still going up. We can see interest rate increases, we can see more defaults on loans, meaning people who unfortunately are no longer able to pay their installments.  That is, we can see some unpleasant situations that can very easily end up in a negative spiral. Absolute.  There are a lot of people who don't want very many anymore, not very many, but there will be people who won't be able to pay the installments because they will lose their jobs.   There are many who took rates that were much too high because they were
in industries that were doing very well at the time .  I look at the IT industry, which is suffering in some places.  I mean, we have to call things by their proper names. Those people, if they are fired and don't find a job within, say, three to six months.  That's right.  Plus there is another situation. Many locations, for example, in the Mamaia, Mamaia Nord area, but also in Bucharest, and other large cities, were sold for cash.  Now this can't really be done anymore and all transactions are made through the bank with the entire transfer amount, and many people don't really have the money in the bank, in their account to make a transfer, to pay by bank transfer.  The transactions of the last period, the last two or three years, which led to an explosion in the real estate sector and very large profits made by some and others, are not really happening anymore.  Right now, there are a lot
of people buying to flip, right?  They would buy from the project area to add to the gray or red area or whatever other phase of construction the building was in, and sell it at a profit. At the moment, even a large part of those people no longer buy to flip, because they realize that there is no more money to be made. Given this situation in real estate, it is clear that several sectors of our economy tend to have problems.  I also saw the catering area, meaning there are still negative aspects. What we expect is that once some money comes from the European Union, they can unblock things, but we see that we don't really fit into these anymore.  We're seeing how all of this plays out in the local economy and we'll keep you posted.  We are trying to be as transparent as possible here and to talk about these things through the eyes of people who are economists, who are talking about some problems
that they see today and will happen in a year, two or so .  Because remember at the beginning when Valentin was talking to us about and we were talking a lot about this problem that the Romanian economy was going to have.  Well, it was nowhere to be seen. Well, there was total joy in the market.   It seemed very similar to a moment I had in my family when someone from my family said to me: What a crisis, Alex, around 2012-2014 when the crisis in Greece was coming.  What crisis ends with this nonsense leading to the best moments of our lives and then came the one I felt for eight years.   It seemed to me that 2025 in Romania was a similar situation and it seemed to me that the world wasn't paying attention to it and that's why we were debating it so much here.  Dear friends, this was this week's material.   We would like to thank you very much if you have followed it this far.  Give us a like
and a subscribe if you appreciate the content we make.  We thank our members for always seeing them in the comments area and for trying to push this video into the YouTube algorithm.  We would also like to thank our production, which last time had a pretty good title, anticipating a problem in the financial market that seems to be coming in the coming months. All the best and thank you. Thank you too and I apologize for the state I found myself in today.  See you next week.