All right. Uh just a little bit of notes um because people have reached out. First of all, this um because this may be uh the last week that I'm in Maine. Uh not sure yet. I'm not sure whether I'll be recording from here or Maine next week, but uh I've been asked a lot of questions particularly about uh Maine. And I just want to give people who are getting to know me, have seen me on podcasts. Uh the reason I'm in Maine is because on September 11th, 2001, and we're approaching 25 years since September 1st or September 11. Um many of you know the best my best friend growing up and the best man at my wedding died 911. Um I ended up uh going back to Morgan Stanley. I was a partner there already. I was on the trading floor the day after when the markets were closed uh basically with other partners figuring out how we were going to operate and run business and uh very emotional obviously and I
got a phone call. I had made an offer on a house in Maine because I had taken my daughter up there, my oldest daughter up to camp there. Fell in love with the place. Reminded me of my father um being the son of a a bluecollar worker and being the son of a core driller. Uh I just fell in love with the place. I did not like the shores uh of the area that I grew up in in New Jersey and definitely not the Hampton's my style. So, I fell in love with Maine. I bought a home in Kenny Bunkport. Um moved up there and I did the commute there for about 15 years. I've moved further north now to get away from the people that found Maine. Uh but in the background, people have asked about the painting. The painting is a reference to uh Shawn Christopher Shawn Kaitton who was a caner who died. Uh, I bought that painting after I moved to Maine. The wine bottle behind me is the bottle that I bought in Napa
Valley, which is a remembrance of 911. I turned the bottle around this week. It has remembrance if you guys want to blow it up. You've got a Bernard King signed basketball there. You've got my Nicks hat on. Sean and I went to um many games. And then also behind me is a photo of him and I at a bar in the Bronx many hours after the Yankees won the World Series uh where Wade Bogs was riding the police horse. Uh Maine is a special place for me. I come up every year and since you guys asked about it, I just wanted to go through. Now on other notes for you guys that have reached out, number one, I will never reach out to you in WhatsApp offering you trades or doing anything. I will never do that in X. If you reach out to me in LinkedIn, I may or may not respond because I get hundreds of people reaching out. Same thing goes in my email. So don't take it personally if I don't respond. Don't I'm never
reaching out to anyone. So, unless you're on the subscriber emails, you're not getting anything from me. I say that because there's AI bots everywhere and people impersonating me on every single location. I tried to get rid of them for a while. Didn't work. Um, on another note, people that are sending me stuff about what do you think about this Goldman Sachs person or this Morgan Sax person, the Gold Morgan Stanley person, they have a different view on XYZ. Guys, if you haven't learned anything watching this, I don't care about anyone's opinions. I care about everyone's opinions, but not anyone's opinions. I do my own work. I take all of the information that I can together and then I make a decision in a paramutual manner where I go through the odds and I'm trying to find things that people either don't agree with me on. So, I'm generally trying to be somewhat of a contrarian, but at the
same point, I'm trying to find ideas that have good riskreward. I will always be an independent thinker. I will always be flexible on my views. So, I'm going to take you guys through that today cuz some of you said that I'm only positive. And if that's what you believe from the subscriber list and if you ended up buying the top of the market because you subscribed and said, "Oh, this is a bull market in something." I'm going to go through and show you how to take all of the transcripts I do and I'm going to give you a prompt to incorporate it into a way where you can take the information. I'm just speaking from the heart every single week. Guys, one thing I will say repeatedly, we are in a structurable market in the demand for compute. It is insatiable. And until I start hearing people that I respect on Wall Street start recognizing that there is no end ever coming up for the demand for compute,
just like there is no food end. If we keep increasing people on the planet by a billion every year, that we will never catch up. The same thing for compute. It is impossible to get enough compute for all of the billions of agents that are coming online that are just starting. This is investing in compute. So, this whole video today is to some degree going to be about compute. And that's why I'm going to go back to the agenda side for this week. Um, my job is to help your business, whether you're an RAIA, whether you're an asset manager, help you with research, help you with independent thinking, but also get you ready to help your children adjust to this world because it's coming fast and it's going to be accelerating over the next certainly 24 months. Crypto is going to be a bigger part of the discussion. And if you have no knowledge of crypto or no understanding as to where it's going to
be, you're going to suffer in the next 12 months for sure. But certainly 24 months, you're going to have to adapt. So we'll go through the recap. We'll go through the compute. We'll go through the token factories, Coreweave, Google, SpaceX, their commentary. The AI regime change, which has to do with the stuff that I'm doing. And probably most importantly, two things there. Number six. Number nine. Number six, we are going back to work, guys. The summer is over. I'm heading back to New York. I have spent a lot of time working. I've tried to create prompts. I've created a new website. There's a whole bunch of things I've done um with AI agents, which hopefully I've been able to give you guys some stuff that has helped. But the 2027 outlook is what I'm going to start focusing on because next year is about consumer agents. This year was about agents, the agentic economy opening. Next year is
about consumer agents and what they need, which is the financial guardrails, which is where crypto shows in. Number nine, be an entrepreneur, not an academic. Academics will continue to cost you money. Anyone that is giving you history and analoges and blah blah blah, especially economists, I will take you through why that is not worth your time. S&P up 40 basis points for the week. IWM up 1%. Q's up 1%. The JV AI thematic portfolio outperformed again, up 3% for the week. We made new all-time highs in most of the important indices and also around the globe. uh the earnings and again I'll continue to say it earnings growth 51% for the S&P sales growth probably the more important number up 15% year-over-year I can't remember a time when we were in a mature part of the economic cycle and global UPS is something like 47% year-over-year everywhere you look EPS has been moving smartly higher this
is the critical thing if you start believing in people that tell you this is is an isolated bubble to a few tech names in the US. It's not true. You've got the whole globe breaking out in terms of earnings per share, and that's because time is changing. You're going to hear me talk about this a lot. This is going to provoke thought in you guys. I will have a very important Substack coming out. For you Substack readers, the time is coming where I'm going to go down to about once a month in my papers because I'm entering in the crypto side and most of the stuff is shifting to the subscriber site for my crypto work. Um, this is the MSCI World Bank index. This is parabolic and going higher. This is a reflection of what's happening with AI. All of these charts are a reflection of what's happening with AI. It is a reflection of what's happening around the globe. AI is disrupting all academic research
that you know. All the things that you've believed in are breaking down. And the reason is because productivity is happening. more and more of the smarter people with inside the Fed that I read and the IMF and the they're starting to recognize now again it's got to be the younger people the productivity boom is happening you have to put it into context though earnings are up 30% year-over-year in the S&P forecast for this year this is our job hiring zero economists tell you the labor market is strong they want the Fed to raise rates this is all BS the labor market relative to the way things move over time. We should be hiring lots of people because we're growing earnings, not coming out of a recession like these periods at a record pace. So why aren't we hiring people? When I was at Morgan Stanley, if we had earnings growing rapidly, we'd be hiring people. That's what you did. You threw more
money at more people. Not happening anymore. And the reason is because we've got enterprise agents which are coming. Not having started yet. They're coming. This does not mean we'll be losing millions of jobs. But what it does mean is we have job losses already. X healthcare. We're already seeing small job losses. That is productivity. We don't need as many people. We're seeing businesses set up. Startups are happening. We're getting more business formations. Jordy has a business. All of this stuff. I don't work now for a Fortune 500 company and I don't work for a country a company with 100 people. Started my own business. So consumer agents are coming next year. This is the token needs for them. This is what they're paid in. This is what they eat. This is what they need to survive. They work 247 365. They're shrinking time. So when you say year overyear for anything now, that is a human
thing. Agents don't sleep. Agents don't go to the bathroom. Agents don't go to lunch. Agents don't go to the pantry to flirt. Agents don't do any of that stuff. So what you're left with is token consumption is growing rapidly and time is shrinking. So in the case of year-over-year, the reason we're seeing earnings grow so fast, the reason nominal GDP at this point is at least growing where it is because the math on that is not correct, you have to focus on the profit margins and you have to focus on the earnings growth. Time is shrinking. So we're now doing effectively two times what it used to take in one year and then eventually it'll be three times and four times and five times. And the reason is because the agents are working all the time. Now this doesn't mean that things go parabolic in terms of the earnings. What it means is the earnings continue to outpace the prices because private
companies are doing a lot of this. They are going to steal from the public companies. We'll spend more time on this. If you don't believe compute is insatiable right now, all of you know what coding agents are. At least you should. If you don't and don't know what I just said about 247365, well then we're going to get into finally them actually being deployed. They haven't even been deployed yet. We just have the capability of using them. Enterprise agents become persistent digital labor. This will be happening next year. Consumer agents will be following in the latter part of next year. This is your Jarvis. This is people ordering things for you. This is like your AMX uh uh assistant who does everything for you. this is coming and they'll be doing things while you sleep. They'll be booking your travel. They'll be ex orderering things for you. Everything will be happening instantaneously
and we'll start reducing the friction in the economy. Then you're going to get into autonomous driving and for that you need a world a world model problem. We need a hell of a lot more compute for that. We need a hell of a lot more compute for humanoids. These are all coming every single year. These innovations used to take decades to come, but now they're happening in such a compressed amount of time because of intelligence. The numbers are staggering. Right now we're in this part. So this year we needed 10 to 100 times for the coding agents relative to last year for chatbots. That's why everything went parabolic. Look at the stepup function. Another 10 times. Then another 10 times. It never ends guys. The amount of compute we need never ends. We are transitioning from systems that give instant cash responses chatbot to systems that plan, reason and simulate outcomes before taking an action.
This is so complex. This is demos sabas. We need magnitudes more compute. That's why Jensen Yuan comes out and says, and he only said this at the beginning of this year, it's going to be AI factories, the new infrastructure intelligence. We need this is what we need to produce. This is why there's compute futures. This is why everything you're hearing is about, oh, we need compute. We need it endlessly to feed the new billions of employees on the planet. Jensen Yuong says comput is the new economy. He said this at the Morgan Stanley event in March. Nvidia this week, AI factory computing investable asset class. The reason we know this is a fact is because Apollo, Black Rockck, Blackstone, Brookfield, Goldman Sachs, KKR to establish AI compute infrastructure financing platforms to mobilize over half a trillion dollars of third party capital to build the stuff that Nvidia needs. They don't want
to use their balance sheet anymore. And people all signed up to do this. Morgan Stanley to facilitate $1.5 trillion in infrastructure initiative. The capital's there. Alphabet raises 25 billion this past week. Intel announces a 15 billion stock offering for a company that was worth less than a hundred billion a year ago and they raised it to 20 billion in the stock traded higher than where the issuance was. China is in the same race which means the compute spending is happening around the globe. You can go read the little yellow lines but China and the US are in a race. The government is still trying to make sure that we don't lose to China. So, exempts data center bonds from key securization rules to make sure that it's easier for data center owners to sell asset back securities potentially open the door for more debt sales. If you're looking for data center delays, they're minor. We're
still moving forward on everything on the data center side. Despite what you're reading in the media, there are delays. I've shown you guys my work on this. It's already built into the way things are being done. Nothing is a new surprise. All of these are going on. They will be delayed to some degree, but the capacity is still coming online. It's not as fast as it otherwise would be, but to be honest with you, it doesn't really matter because we don't have enough memory anyway. So, all of these delays are actually good because then we're not over buying things or at least overusing things before we get it in. So, the delays allow the revenues to go a little bit further out even though they've committed to them. coreweave this week. Very important in terms of going through. You don't have to believe anything they they say. You can go through it, but again, I've got tons of data that supports
everything they say. I think the most important thing to go against things that you've heard from Michael Bur and from Jim Chados in particular, which I'll call out on this because they don't ever turn around and say, you know what, we were wrong. They just keep saying, "No, this is this is BS." They never change their mind ever. It never there's no like it's a 70% chance. It's always this is what's going to happen. So if you pay for that at least hopefully you pay for my stuff as well where I'm going to spend time where at this point I'm saying demand is insatiable. The A1 A100 is being contracted all the way to 2029. This was introduced in 2020. They're saying they're completely sold out. You can go through the physical infrastructure itself has scarcity value. So I've talked about you want to invest in scarcity. So they were originally saying two to three years may be realistic. They're
talking about it being six to nine years now. New generations will be gone because the old one, we don't have enough data centers being built that we can replace it because the demand is greater than the supply. It's like walking into a supermarket. If they didn't have any food but cans of sardines, you would immediately love cans of sardines. Even if that was the last thing you wanted, that's what's happening is the demand is too great. we have too many agents buying or wanting and demanding too many tokens. You guys can go through the rest of this. The reality is it's just the fact that on every level whether it's pricing whether it's the stuff we hear from them what we hear from SpaceX what we hear from Google what we see from Google on that point with Google the article the uh podcast to listen to this week Google's AI brain drain from the all-in podcast they talk a lot about Google's
reorganization framed it as a capital allocation shift I'm going to get into that a little bit more um two-horse race according to David Saxs completely agree AI infrastructure may be the cleaner business than model development. So, think of it this way. Google's making a decision similar to what Meta pushed out there and SpaceX did, which is maybe we should sell some of the compute since we can't use it all right now and our investors are getting angry with us because free cash flow is going negative. It's forcing you into businesses that have a guaranteed ROIC as opposed to chasing AGI. The problem is the talent wants to chase AGI. So you get Jeff Dean, you get Deis Sabis possibly leaving. We've hit an important inflection point now. And where this shows up is if talents leaving, multiples compress. Plain and simple. I I don't see any any other way around it unless Google can find some
other business. But the businesses that they'd be creating that are new in my opinion would have to be from the frontier model side or at least that's my opinion to higher probability. Brad [clears throat] Gersonner gave a huge com huge talk on this. Again, Nvidia has financing limits, which is why they rolled out all these companies on there. Um, he talked about all of these different things. Frontier Labs are willing to overpay for compute because there's shortages. Four times, even five times market pricing to secure large-scale compute. It gives them a competitive advantage because other people can't get it. So, the buyers are concentrated because they have the revenues coming in and they want to secure the compute. And that's what he's saying. This is very concentrated. So no one's disagreeing that anthropic and open AI are the cyclical nature. At the same time, you have Nvidia doing
a lot of the lending to make sure that these people can b buy their chips. It is circular. That's just the reality of what it is, guys. And unfortunately, AI is a completely different thing than anything you've seen. Dennis Sabas wants to leave Google, but he's staying. But they're predicting he could leave within a year. Again, it gets into the AGI side. Moonshots went through this in detail in two podcasts this week. One with Immad Mustach, one with a kid named Kush. I think Alex said it best. Those who can't compete on the frontier models go towards compute. That's what Meta, that's what XAI, and that's what Google did. And their models are way behind the frontier models. The frontier models are going to be important. Open source models are going to be important as well, but they may Google may be winning distribution. So they cover this as well. They talk about the Sergey Brin side. You
guys can listen to it. I'll give you a couple summaries towards the end. But the main story is that Google's real business may be the cloud and it may be infrastructure. If that's the case, what multiple should they have if it's not Gemini? They may lose the model prestige race and still make a lot of money from AI infrastructure, but they may become the Saudi Arabia OPEC of compute while OpenAI, Anthropic, XAI, and others compete on the intelligence side. Google's talent brand has deteriorated. And this is where Kush comes in. He says that for his MIT cohort and younger builders, Google is no longer the dream destination. The dream destinations are now OpenAI, Anthropic, XAI, and Frontier Labs. Unfortunately, that is the reality. So, these companies are different. This is SpaceX. This is a private company that's going public. This is another private company. These are the Frontier Labs.
This is the way it was for Google and them before they invented a lot of the modern AI but the spiritual center of AI has moved elsewhere. This is an important dynamic and one of the reasons why in the hyperscalers I will continue to say I want to belong the receivers of the capital because the infrastructure demand is insatiable. These guys are proving it because Google is seeing talent leave because they don't have enough compute. If they had enough compute, they could do both the frontier models and the business side. But they can't. They don't have enough compute. So they have to allocate the resources, the scarce resources somewhere. Google committed roughly 200 billion capex this year to compute infrastructure. That capital earns a documented 30% ROIC is taxed advantage through accelerated depreciation is near certain demand because the whole industry is compute starved. Model development
by contrast requires tens of billions with a high variance and no guaranteed return. Again, this all gets into the argument that was there. Now, I asked them to take the transcript of the Brad Gersonner one with the allimp pod and then the the moonshots one. So, these answers here and if you guys haven't done this before, take all the smart people and now you put them in one table and you ask them a question. what the Google shakeup reveals about compute talent incentives and multi-state that's the way that I like to go through these things and then I go through through the disruption side the syn synthesis for all large companies the durable assets of scale are capital physical infrastructure distribution and regulatory position the rational endgame which Google is stumbling into or engineering is the large company as capital allocator and infrastructure landlord to an ecosystem of missiondriven
vehicles is partly owns companies that fight this trying to retain everything internally will lose the talent and keep the costs. I subscribe to that entire view. SpaceX semi analysis put this out. Um Elon shocked the world again on SpaceX first earning call saying 6 to8 gawatts of incremental data centers in 2027 alone, possibly well above 10 gigs. Sounds impossible, but we believe it. We see SpaceX on track for about 10 gigawatts by year end 2027. That's why SpaceX has value to the company. And again, you should view the other side as a call option. But Elon Musk has already proved that he can build data centers faster than anyone. And the gigawatts are worth a lot of money as we're seeing in terms of the compute prices. Um 80% of its output earmarked for space-based data centers. So again, he's doing a lot of stuff for terraab, which is what I brought this up for. Terraab is just confirmation
of what's happening. Just look at this thing that he showed in terms of what the scale of it will look like. I mean, you're talking about him building something. Elon Musk knows where the compute side is and he's basically telling you I need to build this which looks like a Star Trek or a Star Wars situation and a massive amount of land. He needs this for the chips and in particular memory. SpaceX goes exclusive with Nvidia putting Ver Rubin GPUs in orbit. And again, this was part of the reason why when I talk about Nvidia and go through it, he said, "We think the Ver Rubin architecture is the best architecture. We're exclusive to Nvidia." Yet, he's building terra. So again, as you guys are listening to this and I'm picking out people that are just bearish on this, I want to remind you. So for raas this is the one pager that I'm now sending to people to go through on why my research is gear
is geared towards people to understand what's happening in AI which to me cannot be covered by the street you certainly cannot get research that is put together in a way like this know what has changed and whether it matters to give all this information there's a hundred slides put together in this video today. I'm taking you on a journey to make you learn through data-driven stuff. You can go upload this anywhere you want. You can have your own agents bring it in. You can go check everything I'm saying. You can take the transcript. I do this every week. I come with a hundred plus slides every week of new information. I listen to podcast relentlessly. And this way you can go in and see what's changed on a real-time basis. You can't get that from the street. Know where it matters and when it is turning. I not only give you the names, but I spent the time, as I'm going to show you soon, every
week doing this, telling you what I think the riskreward is in the market. And if you don't believe that, I'm going to show you how you can do it on your own, and give you a prompt to do it on your own. The agency stuff is important. I'm giving you prompts, which I'm giving you one this week, workflows, Excel files with all of the information on this, tutorials on how you can put it to work immediately, and hopefully things like the Jensen Senuong knowledge brain, which not only help you, but your kids, which I've heard from them. But next year, starting in September, the next constraint is not physical, it's financial, the guard rails, consumer agents, the settlement, it's stable coins. the tokenization. This is going to impact all of your portfolios, the bridge between traditional portfolios and unchanged assets. Your client's holdings are what moves onto these rails. You obviously have
to learn all this stuff before it happens. Reach out to Mark. Mark will guide you. Now, I have said repeatedly in this that the economic structure is changing, the market structure is changing and the earning structure is changing. So earnings history, economics history, market history, all of this stuff is becoming useless. This is what this whole thing is focused on. There is a regime change that's happening. So if you're listening to economists saying the labor market is too strong, we have to raise rates. Inflation is too high, we have to raise rates. We are seeing a disconnect here that has never happened before. On the V side, the market structure side with AI agents, we are seeing tech momentum V up here while the NDX V barely budges. The earnings are growing rapidly. Companies are able to grow earnings because time is changing. This portfolio is meant to show all of that. And again,
you're dealing with something that has gone up massively, had a consolidation, and has now bounced back and made back 50%. I've given you this in a 25 name, in a 10 name, in a 100 name, and then Morgan Stanley gives you different ways to play it. In terms of the reason that the street can't cover it, the research firms are all built vertically. They're built with silos. There's a reason why I left Morgan Stanley in 2001. And it wasn't just because of 911. It was because 911 just recognized that life is too short. And if my job as a 30-year-old who is now firing people for a living is what my life is going to be, I need to move on. They can't cover everything together. It's not possible. AI is not a sector. It goes across industrials, materials, chemicals, energy, power, semiconductors. Marll is not the same semiconductor as Infinion, as Invidian, as Intel. They're all different, guys, and
you know that. So, my job is to show you the structure that's changed. The silos can't see across them. the speed we're moving at at least five times the speed of what the world used to look like which makes academics any back test anything on earnings every time we see earnings like this it's a bubble okay but we're not hiring anyone and there's usually hiring that's going on before a bubble we're overhiring at the bubbles synthesis averages destroy the signal too many people slow decision-m the friction that goes in big companies is the thing that is going to kill them relative to AI native companies. I am an A9 native company. Everything you're seeing right now is created in AI and it takes me a small amount of time to create it. This is just the easiest way to bring it to you. The organizational structure that makes a firm excellent at sector coverage is the structure that makes it slow
at a cross- sector regime change. Those are the same property viewed from two directions. So if you're paying for research, I'm giving you something what at a minimum is different than what you're getting from other people. It doesn't mean it's better, but it's different. And I guarantee you it's coming with new stuff every week and new work every week. This is the proof of this is the NASDAQ returns year-to date 20%. The 100 name portfolio is up 46% 74 for the 25 name and 94 for the 10 names. And the 10 names are good 10 names. They're highly correlated. In fact, if you want the 10 names, I showed this on the week the subscriber webinar this week. Equal weighted average return 103. So I showed you 94. Um median return is 65. The best performer is up 249%. The worst one is up 16 and a half. That's Nvidia. It's outperforming the S&P by 13%. Eight of the 10 are up more than 40%. The average
return is about 7.9 times the S&P's year-to- date return. The median is five times. From a valuation perspective with where we are right now, the average forward PEG ratio is 0.8. The median is 081. This is for the 10 names despite being up 103% year to date. This is all happening because earnings growth is growing rapidly. The median next year forecast for earnings growth 40%. Seven of the 10 names have expected earnings growth of over 30. Why would you go hunting for names? This is going to continue because the demand for compute is insatiable. the multiples can compress. And when we go through this, again, my job in doing this as someone who thinks in riskreward is to turn more negative when it seems like things are due for a consolidation, navigating the AI midcycle slowdown on June 8th. So, here's the prompt, guys. Take my transcripts, as many as you want. I did everything from May on
to just highlight to you guys something. and you just take the prompt. It'll be uploaded this weekend. Its job is analyze a chronological series of weekly market commentary transcripts to determine how the speaker's long-term market conviction, short-term outlook, and willingness to take investment risks are changing over time. This is an unbiased thing. You guys can do it on your own. It's a prompt that goes through, and I'm going to show you the results. You can do this not with mine, but I'm sure there's other podcasts you listen to on a weekly basis. Go measure their tone. All of this is supposed to do is to trans. So what it does is on a structural basis I'm staying bullish the entire time. On a tactical basis it's shifting. So I believe computer is insatiable. I want to be in this trade for the next three to five years. But I want to be tactical and make sure my risk is lower when the
tactical level is low and the riskreward is low. Selective risk reduction in May. So this is the risk posture is saying this is the cycle stage. I said we're in parabolic exhaustion in memory. Selective risk reduction. You guys can go through defensive selective risk neutral consolidation. Here's just some of the stages. This what I said on May 17th. I've been scaling out of things. I'm effectively as far as I'm concerned out of everything. Definitely out of all micron. So, if people call me up and say they bought in at May 17th or they did whatever, I'm trying to give you guys a riskreward on what's happening and trying to go capital preservation or capital rotation. Rotation with a genuine reduction in portfolio beta. I was talking about the need for deleveraging. The d-risking goes from partial to near total in the crowded leg. So again, if you don't believe what I'm saying, here's what
this will do for you. So this is taking all of those numbers and I overlaid my thematic portfolio. So for those of you particularly the asset managers who I speak to regularly. This is a way for you to incept and see how I'm doing. So I start going into a more cautious. This is a yellow light. This doesn't mean bail out of everything. This means I'm getting more cautious. I'm reducing my micron. The red side is when it's like stop putting anything to work right now. I'm getting more worried. I'm seeing signs. This is what happened in those meetings. Every one of these dots is one of the videos. It's the transcripts. Then I start becoming back to neutral. And then the first time that I start saying that I'm buying stuff, which is when Micron broke below 900 is in here. And now you start seeing the green dots where I'm starting to turn more positive. So back in here, what I was saying is we
need a consolidation. I was showing you consolidations, price and time. Even here, I was still saying we will never be able to pick a bottom. So, those of you who want me to try and pick this or this, nobody can do that and certainly not me. And I don't try to do that. What I want to do is reduce risk in here and then add back when I think there's been enough panic and enough consolidation. So I'm looking for a combination of and this is what makes these green there is I you start hearing me say I think we're closer to capitulation. I'm seeing the VIX go higher. I'm seeing this go on. I'm hearing about this. Then situational awareness happens and then all of a sudden I give a very positive sign on things and say I believe that's it. The riskreward is now shifted. You can use that create your own. And during that entire consolidation, I was creating the consolidation playbook to try and put
people in a position. Two, three weeks ago, the week right before situational awareness, I put something out said combing through the rubble to give you guys the ability to go find stuff. So, here's what's happened. We've now already made back over 50% of the fall. This was a situational awareness day. So, again, my goal is not to pick you tops and bottoms. It's actually to help you navigate through to stay with the structural trend to minimize losses and maximize gains. Plain and simple. That's the name of the game. You maximize gains. You try to find things with a riskreward in your favor where you feel like things have been cleansed. And that's why that 50-day rate of change and some of the tools that I showed in the subscriber webinar, which I'm working on, which are algorithms to time the risk side. So, I'm taking what I just showed you and I'm incorporating all of that stuff into an
algorithm to hopefully give you a score to show you where I think the risk is. For those of you who've never gone, I have my website now. I just wanted to show you this for one reason. Okay, it's visserlabs.com. Great. Here's my logo. That's a linear move. That's an exponential move. Academic over here, entrepreneurs over here. The main thing about this, when you go to my website, I want you to go there. Took me one hour to build. Took me about a day to work with network solutions to get it up where I secured the domain of visserlabs.com. But it took me literally about an hour to build the website. So I'm telling you this because when Network Solutions did a scoring on it, it got a hundred out of a hundred. If you use AI and you use it properly, all I did was put prompts in to build the site. It's not perfect. It still needs some changes, but it works, guys. You can build stuff like that.
And that's gets back. My job here is to help you guys prepare for the future, not just an in AI to navigate this, to deal with the the parabas and the bubbles and everything that happens, but it's also to make you smarter and how to use it and to prepare you for this. The next constraint is financial crypto rails for AI agents. I'm telling you, mark my words. You guys want to reach out in a year when I'm wrong, it's going to be because of that. So, one company that reported Figure. I talked about Figure a lot with Anthony Pompiano this week. I highly recommend watching the video this week. I think we got into some interesting topics, but more importantly, my brain was kind of firing today on a lot of different things involving time, which is where my focus is. I'm spending a lot more time with the crypto community. I'm speaking at more um places. I'll be speaking at the Pomp event. I'll be
speaking at a Bitcoin Policy Institute event in DC. A lot of things are going on. I probably did four had four podcasts released this week that had me speaking on it. We're at the stage now, guys, where I'll be doing more crypto stuff and you're going to be seeing more stuff. So, go to the site, go to the web page, but figure is a perfect example of how this is starting already. Figure released earnings consumer loan marketplace volume was up 4 was 4.3 billion, up 132% year-over-year. The tokenized onchange marketplace figure connect is now expected to approach 70% of volume. We are building the modern capital marketplace amidst the paradigm shift in the capital markets towards tokenization and standardization. This is happening now guys. This is why I built this. This is my ecosystem correlated with Bitcoin. This is the year-to-day performance. So, it's normalized. If I didn't normalize
it, this would be a direct overlay. except you see the ecosystem is trading better than here. I've added some more names in here. I'm working with a bunch of crypto people. If anyone wants to reach out and they want to be involved in this process, I'm enjoying doing this. I need I have 10 verticals. I have about four names to five names in each. There's about 45 names in the index. Bitcoin is a representation of the S&P 500 of the future. I will continue to say that to anyone who wants to listen. Figure is part of this. Humans will be rounding error on the internet. Bot traffic will exceed human traffic by a factor of 1,000 within five years. Elon Musk on cloudfire's forecast AI agentic internet traffic will obviously vastly exceed human usage. Guys, go make money on that. Transactions are going to happen. Stable coin card spending volume surge another 16%. 16%. You want to do an ARR on that?
US bank regulator opens national charters to Bitcoin and crypto firms. The SEC is about to cook while Congress is stuck arguing over the Clarity Act. Just like AI, nothing stops crypto, guys. It will continue. Even if it's not, the Clarity Act's not done. So, if you're waiting for the Clarity Act or it's thinking there's going to be a sell the news moment on this, I'm telling you, a year from now, we are going to have a volume explosion on this stuff. We don't know where all markets are going to be, but I do know that volumes will be expanding. financial guardrails will be connected. I wrote this and released it both on Substack this week's and my subscriber website. I released it because it's something I believe is really important. This is around the yen intervention. It is a connection of everything happening between AI mac uh the macro side in terms of the debt, the deficit, Japan's debt,
the US debt. This goes through all of it. It is meant to realize that in my opinion, we will look back on the week of situational awareness where we had the dollar yen intervention and we had Kevin Worsh basically losing credibility according to people and Lewis Gau put this piece out this week like me. He released it to everyone. He does not do that. I don't do that for my subscribers stuff, but that's how important um the week was for me. And then he gets into something equally as important on the exact same theme, which is why I wanted to show you guys. But this is the most important thing. And he said, "AI and stable coins could reshape rather than simply destroy dollar dominance." Gavka raises the provocative idea of a compute dollar replacing the petro dollar. That word compute again. Insatiable demand for compute, an insatiable race for both compute and owning the crypto landscape.
AI is becoming more than a technology story. computers evolving into an industrial resource, a geopolitical asset and potentially a pillar of the monetary system. This is on the other side of the debt world where we just continue to do whatever is necessary to keep the debt going and keep spending. Bessence, whatever it takes, yenval mass limited firepower. This is the reason it's so important because they whether it's yield curve control, whether it's raising the cap on FEMA and them getting invol, it doesn't really matter. Scott is up against it. He didn't create this problem, but they're trying to race out of it. And the problem is they're not getting the receipts and they're spending their way out. So, the debt and the deficit are just not getting better fast enough, even if they are getting better at all. Wall Street sees a bond market angst and we're seeing that the bond market just
won't rally. We had a week where the inflation data surprised on the downside. Retail sales missed. We had a week before where the jobs number missed. And yet long-term yields are just not coming down. They're not going up either, but they're not coming down. And the yen is also not moved much since the intervention. And that's despite the fact that now we're down to 31% for September for Wor and 80% for the BOJ. These numbers were about 5050 each before the payroll numbers. Now we're at here and yet we're still not seeing any change. Now, I happen to believe this is a mistake by the markets and you should be buying the the basement trade. You should be buying gold, buying silver, buying Bitcoin. But regardless of that until we start seeing yields come down, it's just not happening. So, the Worsh attacks continue. And he's going to be speaking at Jackson Hole. This came out from Bill Dudley.
Worsh implied that the PCE index could be jettisoned as the Fed's primary inflation metric as soon as January. Who knows come after January he might say about a strategy he said I suspect the task force might have something that the reason I wanted you guys to read this this is academic this is exactly the problem this is what Kevin Walsh that's what that whole paper I wrote is that the academic fed does not exist you cannot focus on the academic fed this be bank of America after the CPI is still calling for three right hikes this year holding firm At least Canro understands. Okay, so here's what the Fed is saying. So this is Fed speak chart overlaid with a leading indicator which is the labor plus inflation surprise index which has now come down. We'll see if this goes. But this is the reason why at this point we haven't seen rates come down. So the question is is Walsh going to give any
guidance or do anything that helps? two-year rates have come down just because the probabilities have come down. They did break the 50-day moving average after being above it for one of the longest times in the last decade. We'll see if it goes. But this is why I wrote this. The academic Fed, a secular regime shift, it's far more powerful. It usually reflects dramatic changes in monetary policy, fiscal policy, and innovation. I believe we were in the early stages of one. That is what the AI trade is within that paper. Despite or what your favorite Oh, this is inside my uh other paper. Despite what your favorite economist may tell you while looking through a historical lens and assuming the old relationships still hold, something has changed. AI is already disrupting the labor market and the rise of AI agents is only beginning. If you look at the labor market contextually, it is very weak.
That gets back to the chart I showed you with the S&P earnings relative to year-over-year labor. So again, research firms are b built vertically. Academics seldom change their view. That's what entrepreneurs do. That's what traders do. Hopefully that's the way you view the work that I do. I like to be bearish equally as bullish if I think it's going to save me money. You can't get away from this divergence. So if you're an academic, highlight this and tell me why this isn't a fair way to look at things. The labor market is very weak. while we are growing earnings at 32%. We've never seen anything like this before and we're not coming out of a recession. Here's more in the labor market. I showed this last week. I just want to re-emphasize it. I don't see anyone doing this. This is the sixmonth rate of change on the aggregate weekly payrolls, which takes into account weekly hours, the wage
growth, plus a number of job hires. A much broader and better way of looking at the payroll market. And we're at the weakest six-month rate of change since 12, 2012, 14 years ago. Here is the job creation right now for non-farm payrolls. X healthcare and leisure. I don't like doing X things, but I do want to show it as these things are both related to old people that the boomers who have money. So health care and travel, that's great except for one thing. Those are the jobs that can't be replaced by AI. So you have a very difficult situation. Here's the non-farm payrolls again year-over-year. So we're sitting down here because of AI agents. This is the weekly ADP numbers. So we had a jump here. This is when the Fed speak changed. This is when you saw the December rate hikes be built in. Well, now the non-farm the ADP numbers just keep weakening every week. We're not adjusting anything. Here's
the labor force participation rate, which just continues to go down. If we're losing labor supply, that's 10ear rates overlaid with it. Why aren't wages going up? I saw someone write something this week. Look at this. An uptick. Are you kidding me? So, the Atlanta the Atlanta Fed wage thing, this is a hookup. The hourly earnings we just saw from the uh non-farm payrolls dropped to 3.2%. The Atlanta Fed is at the same level it was before 2020. So is the hourly earnings. So is the quits rate. Give me something that shows. We know that if we're not getting wage growth that is significant to offset the weekly hours not increasing and the fact that we're losing labor force participation rate and we're not hiring any people. I don't see why the Fed should be raising rates especially not three times. I don't even understand what that is. Um if their mandate is labor and inflation. So let's go through
the second part of it. the inflation data. So, we're going to follow Bill Dudley on this PCE thing. I think Kevin Worsh has it right. Here's PCE all on the same scale, guys. PCE core and here are the other core numbers. Plus, this doesn't include true inflation. So, I left them out of it just because it's way down here below two. all of these other gauges, whether it's the sticky, the Atlanta sticky CPI core, which is at 2.5, the CPI core, which is 2.6, the Dallas trim mean, which is 2.2. They just made a change in the way they're calculating it, 2.4, whatever. Cleveland 2.7, only the PCE core, that one point is up there. Sounds like it's not a good one to use. Here are the inflation swaps relative to core CPI, lower. Why aren't these being talked about as mattering? I took all of those ones I just showed you on the prior screen, not the swaps, the one before this, and I put them as one index.
That's what this number is. That was taking those four and averaging them together. That's 2.5. This is PCE core. This is it over time. There's two things to note. Number one, during the prior from 1990 to 2020, the white line stayed above the orange line all the time. So if you normalize this and again contextually this number should be down here based on history, something has changed in this calculation. Kevin, you want me to work on the Fed, give me a call. I'm happy to help you guys with some of this stuff to make sure we're not making decisions based on uh people on Wall Street academics telling you what you should do. Real rates, the white line here. Real two-year yields are up here. Here's the debasement trade. This is gold, silver, and Bitcoin. And the dollar, the dollar has already responded. It was down again today. This is before today. So, it's already down here at new lows.
Gold has moved. Silver has moved. Bitcoin has not moved yet. That's the green line here. It's still sitting there. Eventually, it will. I don't know when. We'll see. Academics ask, "When does the evidence tell us has happened under comparable conditions?" Markets ask, "What's going to happen before everyone else realizes it?" This is the money-making side. Entrepreneurs ask, "What becomes possible now that wasn't possible before?" That is the AI native world. That is the world we speak about on Visser Labs. Now, finally, China added 20 tons of gold in July, its largest monthly purchase since October 2023. China's central bank adds gold to Hong Kong as well. And finally, the Bank of Korea resumes gold investment after 13 years. Korea is back in the game. AI is becoming more than a technology story. Computers evolving into an industrial resource, a geopolitical asset, and potentially a pillar
of the monetary system. Thank you, Lewis Gav. Thank you to all of you guys. I will see you maybe from New York next week, maybe still here. I hope it's still here, but I don't know.